2017-02-14
Boy , 2 , and man killed , pregnant woman wounded in shooting caught on Facebook Live 
In a shooting caught on Facebook Live , a 2-year - old boy and a 26-year - old man were killed and a pregnant woman was wounded when a gunman opened fire as they drove down an alley in Lawndale on Tuesday afternoon , authorities said . NEWLINE " Call 911 ! They killed him . ... I have a bullet in my stomach , " the woman screams as she runs from the car and into a house in the 2300 block of South Kenneth Avenue around 1:30 p.m. NEWLINE " Please , please , I ca n't breathe , " she says . " Oh my God , please do n't , Lord , I ca n't go . I ca n't go . " NEWLINE Seconds earlier , the woman had been posting video on Facebook Live as she drove with her boyfriend at her side and the toddler , Lavontay White Jr. , in the backseat . In the video , the couple are singing along to music when several shots are fired at the car . NEWLINE Lavontay and the man were both hit in the head , according to police . Superintendent Eddie Johnson said paramedics were able to revive the boy at the scene , but he was pronounced dead at Stroger Hospital , as was the man . NEWLINE Remembering 2-year - old Lavontay White Jr. Sheneka Hill talks about the loss of her nephew Lavontay White Jr. and her brother Feb. 15 , 2017 , after a triple shooting the day before in Lawndale . ( Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune ) Sheneka Hill talks about the loss of her nephew Lavontay White Jr. and her brother Feb. 15 , 2017 , after a triple shooting the day before in Lawndale . ( Brian Cassella / Chicago Tribune ) See more videos NEWLINE The woman , 20 , and her fetus were both listed in fair condition at Mount Sinai Hospital . Family members said the baby was about four months along and was expected to survive . NEWLINE The woman told police they were driving in the alley when a car blocked them behind an AC Delco Auto Electronics shop . A gunman got out and opened fire , police said . NEWLINE No one was in custody late Tuesday afternoon , but investigators suspect the man was the intended target . " We have very promising leads , we have video , " Johnson said . " There ’s no doubt in my mind that we’ll find him . " NEWLINE The boy was the second child to die Tuesday from Chicago gunfire . Takiya Holmes , 11 , died Tuesday morning from wounds suffered in a shooting Saturday . A second girl wounded over the weekend , Kanari Gentry Bowers , 12 , remained in critical condition and on life support Tuesday . NEWLINE A 2-year - old boy and a man were fatally shot and a woman was wounded near Ogden and Kostner avenues in Chicago 's Lawndale neighborhood Feb. 14 , 2017 . NEWLINE In the Facebook Live video , the woman pulls into an alley and then looks to her left as the camera angle dips to face the windshield as gunfire can be heard . NEWLINE The camera jerks as the woman appears to jump from the car and run along a fence line as gunfire continues . NEWLINE Screaming , the woman appears to speed past a house and struggles to open a gate . She yells for someone as she opens the door and enters a home . NEWLINE Once inside , the camera goes black but the audio can still be heard as the woman screams for help . NEWLINE A neighbor in his early 50s said he saw the child bleeding from his abdomen and the man in the car not moving . “ The young lady was just hollering about her baby , she had blood from her stomach , ” he said . NEWLINE At the scene , police surrounded an older - model maroon four - door car in the alley . It had come to rest against an iron fence in the alley , its two front doors open . NEWLINE Toddler , man fatally shot in Lawndale A man and a 2-year - old boy were fatally shot and a woman was wounded in an attack in the 2300 block of South Kenneth Avenue in Chicago . Feb. 14 , 2017 . ( Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune ) A man and a 2-year - old boy were fatally shot and a woman was wounded in an attack in the 2300 block of South Kenneth Avenue in Chicago . Feb. 14 , 2017 . ( Terrence Antonio James / Chicago Tribune ) See more videos NEWLINE The three entrances to the alley were blocked off , as were streets around the scene . Neighbors poked their heads from their porches . NEWLINE Outside Mount Sinai Hospital , motorists fought through afternoon rush - hour traffic along Ogden Avenue as news vans parked on the south side of the street , and a TV helicopter buzzed overhead . NEWLINE At Stroger , family members slowly arrived throughout the afternoon . A woman in a pink hat ran up to the ambulance and a man paced outside the emergency room speaking on the phone . NEWLINE A little before 4 p.m. , family members and friends in a large group stood outside the hospital , some hugging each other , when a woman suddenly ran across the parking lot in tears . Two people ran after her and hugged her as she shouted . NEWLINE At Mount Sinai , family members of the woman gathered for the latest on her condition . NEWLINE Relatives said a bullet was lodged under the skin of her abdomen and doctors were trying to determine whether or not they can remove it safely . NEWLINE Lavontay White Jr. Family photo Lavontay White Jr. , 2 , was shot and killed while riding in the backseat of a car on Feb. 14 , 2017 , in the Lawndale neighborhood . Lavontay White Jr. , 2 , was shot and killed while riding in the backseat of a car on Feb. 14 , 2017 , in the Lawndale neighborhood . ( Family photo ) ( Family photo ) NEWLINE Mayor Rahm Emanuel released a statement calling again for " meaningful gun control " and harsher sentencing for people who commit crimes with guns . NEWLINE " Every parent , regardless of where they live , should be able to take their child for a walk to the park or a ride in the car . These are normal rites of passage of childhood , " Emanuel said in the statement . NEWLINE " These shootings must be a turning point for our city . Anyone with information about these crimes owes it to the families of these children to come forward . " NEWLINE The Chicago Tribune 's Elyssa Cherney and Liam Ford contributed . 