2017-01-18
UPDATE : Juvenile killed in officer - involved incident 
Buy Photo Investigators gathering information from the scene of an officer - involved shooting ( Photo : Joe Truskot/The Salinas Californian)Buy Photo NEWLINE The Monterey County District Attorney 's office continues its investigation of a fatal officer - involved shooting of a juvenile Wednesday in Salinas . NEWLINE The male juvenile was shot and killed around 1:30 a.m. Wednesday by Salinas police officers who claim he charged them with a knife . The juvenile , who has not been identified , was shot on the 600 block of Terrace Street , two blocks from East Market Street . NEWLINE As of late Wednesday afternoon , 14 officers responded to the scene along with 10 investigators from the District Attorney 's office , and on Thursday the investigation continued . NEWLINE “ They are going through painstaking process of reviewing the evidence , including the body cams , " Ed Hazel , managing deputy district attorney said on Thursday . NEWLINE Salinas police declined to comment beyond announcing the incident . They said the Monterey County District Attorney 's Office will conduct the investigation . NEWLINE Hazel said witnesses reported they saw a juvenile Hispanic male wielding a knife . Officers tried to disarm the juvenile and chased him into a residence . It was at that time that the suspect allegedly turned and charged the officers , forcing them to defend themselves by opening fire on him with their service weapons . Hazel said fire hoses , rubber bullets and tasers were used " various times during the contact before the deploying of lethal weapon . ” NEWLINE The juvenile died at the scene . NEWLINE Authorities said they would have no additional information coming and were not planning to hold a press conference on the shooting at this time . NEWLINE Buy Photo Salinas police investigators remain on scene Wednesday at an officer - involved shooting on the 600 block of Terrace Street in Salinas . The incident occurred in the early hours of Wednesday , January 18th , 2016 . ( Photo : Jay Dunn/The Salinas Californian ) NEWLINE Buy Photo Salinas police investigators remain on scene Wednesday at an officer - involved shooting on the 600 block of Terrace Street in Salinas . The incident occurred in the early hours of Wednesday , January 18th , 2016 . ( Photo : Jay Dunn/The Salinas Californian ) NEWLINE Read or Share this story : http://bit.ly/2jAbN9T 