2017-02-01
New details emerge as woman charged in fatal hit - and - run at Sammamish park 
The 23-year - old Kent woman was initially ordered held on $ 1 million bail , but a judge on Wednesday lowered her bail to $ 300,000 . NEWLINE The whereabouts of a gold Infiniti SUV allegedly used last week to run down a 22-year - old man at a Sammamish park is still unknown , but charges filed Wednesday against the woman arrested in connection with his death provide new details of the chaotic incident . NEWLINE Ka’Deidre Rials , 23 , of Kent , was charged with felony hit - and - run for failing to stop and provide aid to Moises Radcliffe , who fired multiple shots at Rials’ vehicle as he apparently tried to stop the SUV from leaving Beaver Lake Park , charging papers say . NEWLINE Arrested Saturday in Skyway , Rials was also charged with second - degree identity theft and two counts of second - degree vehicle prowl . NEWLINE She was initially ordered held on $ 1 million bail , but a judge Wednesday lowered Rials’ bail to $ 300,000 , said Dan Donohoe , a spokesman for Prosecutor Dan Satterberg . NEWLINE The King County Medical Examiner ’s Office ruled Radcliffe ’s death a homicide and determined he died from multiple blunt - force injuries from being struck , dragged and run over by the vehicle , charging papers say . Radcliffe was the son of a Seattle police officer . NEWLINE “ Although the charges presently filed against the defendant do not include homicide , the investigation into the death of Moises Radcliffe continues , ” Senior Deputy Prosecutor Jeff Baird wrote in charging documents . NEWLINE According to the charges , Rials and two teenage girls committed at least two car prowls in the park ’s parking lot . Rials broke a window in Radcliffe ’s Subaru Legacy and stole his girlfriend ’s purse , then quickly got into her SUV as the couple returned to the lot after walking their dog , the charges say . NEWLINE Radcliffe grabbed a gun from the trunk of his car and ran toward the SUV as it was backing out of a parking space , the charges say . He gave some kind of warning , then moved to the front of the SUV while pointing his gun at the occupants , charging papers say . NEWLINE He began shooting into the SUV ’s windshield , then was struck by the vehicle and dragged “ a considerable distance ” before coming to rest near the parking lot exit , the paper say . NEWLINE Detectives identified Rials and her two alleged accomplices through fingerprints and video - surveillance footage , the charges say . NEWLINE The two girls , ages 16 and 17 , believed to have been with Rials have been arrested . NEWLINE During the course of the investigation , detectives attempted to speak to a 16-year - old boy , though his connection to the case isn’t clear in court records . He was charged Wednesday with first - degree unlawful possession of a firearm . NEWLINE On Friday night , a team of detectives was preparing an undercover operation at a Des Moines apartment complex when they saw the 16-year - old and a 17-year - old approach their vehicle , armed with handguns , charging papers say . The detectives identified themselves and ordered the boys to drop their guns , the charges say . NEWLINE One of the teens fired , detectives returned fire and killed Mi’Chance Dunlap - Gittens , 17 , the charges say . NEWLINE The 16-year - old ran away but was later found inside a nearby apartment and was arrested . 