2017-03-13

Gentilly grandmother needs help burying daughter , grandsons 

NEW ORLEANS -- Police are still searching for the person who shot and killed a Gentilly woman and her two boys last Friday . The children 's grandmother is looking for help from the public . 
Debra Smith says she applied for emergency help through the Crime Victims Assistance Program to help bury her daughter Monique , her 10-year - old grandson Justin and her 6-year - old grandson JuMyrin . All three of them were shot and killed in their Gentilly home . Her 12-year - old granddaughter , A'Miya is the only survivor . The young girl was also shot and she 's still in the hospital . 
ALSO : ' It 's hard to accept they 're gone ' : vigil held for slain Gentilly family 
" The people who lost their kids , I cried along with them but I did n't know how that felt . Now , I know how that feels , " said Debra . She says her daughter was a giving person and her grandchildren were sweet . 
" Miya has a sweet , innocent personality , always a loving child . Justin was a stocky little boy , " said Debra . She said Justin wanted to be a football player until he started practicing . Then , he changed his mind to focus on basketball . And , the youngest was nicknamed Bubble for his personality . 
" He was bubbly . He was outgoing , very intelligent , very bright , " Debra said with a smile on her face . 
Then , that smile turned to tears . 
" He took my children away from me . This man took my children away . I do n't know who he is . I do n't know why he did it , " she said . 
Debra has to bury three of the people she loves the most . She says her daughter , Monique , did n't have life insurance , so she reached out to the Crime Victims Assistance Program for help . The state - funded program helps victims of violent crimes with anything from lost wages to funeral expenses . 
" I really appreciate that God is showing me they still have good people left on this Earth , " said Debra . " You never think you 're going to bury your children and that 's the way every mom thinks . I always say ' I 'd rather be gone first ' because I do n't know how I would be able to handle the situation . I 'm here . " 
" Most of the time , they can hardly hold up to help themselves , " says Sgt . Stephanie Minto - Gibson , who helps victims with the Crime Victims Assistance Program . 
The program helps with various costs associated with crime : medical and dental expenses , lost wages , child care , medications and funeral expenses . Debra says she appreciates the help and all the support from the community , but she is having a hard time dealing with the pain . 
" That person destroyed my family . I really feel like I 'm dead , " she said . 
A memorial fund at Capital One Bank has also been set up to help the family with expenses . Police have not released a suspect or a motive in this case . A'Miya remains in the hospital after being shot in the face . 
© 2017 WWL - TV 