2017-03-03

Video recorded self - defense shooting at Jacksonville Landing 

JACKSONVILLE , Fla. - A surveillance camera captured the moment when a 16-year - old was shot and killed just outside the Jacksonville Landing downtown on Martin Luther King Jr. Day in January . 
The video , obtained Thursday from the State Attorney 's Office , also reveals the moments leading up the shooting . The footage shows a group gathered in a plaza area at the north end of the Landing . 
Newe4Jax crime and safety analyst Gil Smith , who 's a former police officer , reviewed the surveillance video several times . He said there appeared to be a verbal altercation that turned into chaos . 
" You have what appears to be high schoolers , or young people , hanging out here . This is a hangout spot in this part of the Landing , where kids are known to congregate . Not all of them , I 'm sure , are not aware of what 's going on , or what 's about to happen , " Smith said . 
WATCH : Surveillance video of Jacksonville Landing shooting 
The video then shows 16-year old Khamoi Petersen , wearing red , pull a gun and walk toward Tyrik Solomon , 18 . Solomon then pulls his own gun . 
While News4Jax is not showing what happened next , police said Petersen was killed . 
On Wednesday , News4Jax learned that the fatal shooting was ruled justifiable by the State Attorney ’s Office because Petersen pulled the gun first . Solomon pleaded guilty to possession of a concealed firearm in connection with the shooting , but will not face any charges in connection with Petersen 's death . 
Smith said the surveillance video seems to be clear - cut evidence that the shooting by Solomon was justified . 
" They 've been going back and forth at each other . He 's kind of walking away , now Peterson pulls out gun right there . Solomon does n't have his , and then he pulls it out , and then he was justified in shooting because they were going back and forth . He did show his weapon , and the opportunity was there for him to shoot , " Smith said while watching the video . " That 's why it was justified . " 
According to investigators , it appeared that a fight escalated into gunfire , which shattered a glass door at the front of the Landing . Based on shell casings recovered , more than one gun was fired , police said . 
The surveillance video shows the group scattering after the gunfire , but a few people came back and tried to help Petersen , who was taken to UF Health Jacksonville , and died later that night . 
Solomon was sentenced to two years of probation on the gun charge . He can have the probation terminated if he meets certain conditions , including living with his parents while he ’s homeschooled and graduating from high school this year . 
Copyright 2017 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved . 