2017-01-15
Sheriff : 3 people dead after shooting in Whitley County 
Kentucky State Police is investigating a situation that left three people dead and another person injured in an officer - involved shooting . NEWLINE Photo provided by Kentucky State Police NEWLINE It happened just after 10 p.m. Friday night in the Savoy community just off U.S. 25W near Williamsburg . NEWLINE Whitley County Sheriff Colan Harrell confirms to WKYT that the victims are Larry Taylor and his two children , 18-year - old Jessie Taylor and at 13-year - old . NEWLINE Investigators believe the victims were shot in their beds . NEWLINE " There was no struggle . They were all shot in the head , " Whitley County Sheriff Colan Harrell said . NEWLINE Sheriff Harrell told WKYT that a relative came over to the home after not hearing from the family . Once learning what had happened , that relative then called 911 . NEWLINE Deputies came to the house and found Taylor 's wife , Courtney Taylor . NEWLINE She had a pitstol in her hand , " Sheriff Harrell said . NEWLINE The sheriff says Taylor pointed the gun at a deputy . NEWLINE " He repeated put down the weapon , she did n't , and he fired , " Sheriff Harrell described . NEWLINE Courtney Taylor was injured after being shot by a Whitley County sheriff 's deputy , according to Harrell . Kentucky State Police say she pointed a gun at the deputy , before she was shot . We 're told after two surgeries , she 's in stable condition at UK Hospital . NEWLINE Police say charges will be filed against Courtney Taylor . NEWLINE Sheriff Harrell says the shooting has been hard on the deputies and people in the community , as they try to wrap their minds around what officials say went down . NEWLINE " You try to put a place for things in your life , in someone elses life , especailly if they 're close to you and this is something that would be hard to do , " he said . NEWLINE Kentucky State Police is continuing the investigation . NEWLINE The sheriff also tells WKYT that Larry Taylor is the son of former Whitley County judge - executive Jerry Taylor . 