2017-03-31

7 killed in 3 shootings within a mile in South Shore 

Seven people were murdered in three separate shootings that occurred within a mile of each other in Chicago 's South Shore neighborhood . Police have not said if they believe the shootings are related . No one is in custody . When President Donald Trump met with police union leaders from across the nation , including Chicago Fraternal Order of Police President Dean Angelo , he asked , " What is going on in Chicago?""Last year in Chicago , 4,368 people were shot . Nearly 700 more have already been shot since January of this year , alone . I ask , ' What is going on in Chicago ? ' What is going on ? There is no excuse for it , " Trump said Tuesday . The two most recent killings occurred just after 11 p.m. Thursday . Someone in a black Jeep shot a 27-year - old man and a woman inside a gray van headed south in the 2300-block of East 71st Street , police said."I heard three shots go off . Maybe three or four shots . Then there were bodies lying there , " said Nicolas Ambrose , who heard the gunfire . The driver of the van veered into a pole . Police found the two dead inside the vehicle . The man was shot in his side . The woman was shot in the head . Their identities have not been released by the Cook County Medical Examiner 's Office . Around 3:30 p.m. , someone walked into a Nadia Fish and Chicken at the corner of East 75th Street and South Coles Avenue and opened fire , police said . Four people were pronounced dead at the scene , authorities said . Two men were fatally shot inside the restaurant . The medical examiner 's office identified them as Emmanuel C. Stokes , 28 , and Edwin Davis , 32 , of the 9400-block of South Ada Street . Two other men , Dillon and Raheam Jackson , ran from the restaurant as gunfire erupted , but both were fatally shot in different parking lots within a block of the restaurant."It 's two people in the restaurant , still in there , dead . He went in there and shot them two . After he killed them two , he came out and shot my two nephews and killed my two nephews , " said Willamae Jackson , Dillon and Raheam Jackson 's aunt . This quadruple homicide came just a day after charges were filed in the city 's last quadruple homicide , which occurred in Fernwood last December . The Jackson brothers had gone to the restaurant to visit their mother , who has worked there for eight years , according to their grandmother , Georgia Jackson."She heard the shots and she knew they had just left . She heard the shots , and she knew they had just left out of there , " Georgia Jackson said , through tears . " They were shooting at somebody , they say , inside the restaurant . My boys just got in the way , I guess.""They'd come to get something , to get something to eat for their mom . So they 're coming to get something to eat . Whatever happened here , it was at the wrong time , wrong place , I do n't know , " said Michael Howard , victim 's uncle . Dozens of onlookers gathered at the corner as police guarded the crime scene , which spanned several blocks . The bodies of the Jackson brothers could be seen lying under white sheets , much to the frustration of family members . A young woman screamed at officers to move the bodies of Raheam and Dillon - who she said were her brothers - out of the lightly misting rain."Real talk , this is gonna make me go f - - - - - - crazy , " she said . " Why they still on the ground?"Hours after the shooting , when most bystanders had left the crime scene area , Georgia Jackson vowed to stay at the scene until her grandsons ' bodies were removed."I ai n't going nowhere ' til they get my baby up off the ground . I ai n't going nowhere , " she said , visibly distraught . Agents from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were at the crime scene . An agency spokesman confirmed the ATF is assisting Chicago Police in the investigation."Whoever did this needs to step up and be accountable for they actions , and get sent up for it before they get hurt on these streets ' cuz somebody 's gonna hurt ' em , " Willamae Jackson said . Georgia Jackson said Dillon Jackson was shot in his back three years ago just a block away."Dillon was a homebody , " she said . " I do n't understand why he out here . What 's he doing here?"Family members said Dillon , 20 , and Raheam , 19 , were the youngest of five children . They had two older brothers and an older sister . Raheam left behind one son who will turn 2 years old on April 2 and another 5-month old son , according to his sister - in - law , Shauna Jackson . Dillon and Raheam Jackson were not the first grandsons Georgia Jackson has lost to gun violence in Chicago . In December 2011 , her 16-year - old grandson Jawan Ross , a Robeson High School student , was one of two teen boys killed when someone fired into a crowd at a Church 's Chicken in the 6600 block of South Halsted . The Chicago Sun - Times reported then that Ross and 17-year - old Dantril Brown were unintended targets."I ca n't keep doing this , " Georgia Jackson said . " I 'm losing too many kids."Last September , Arthur Chaney was found guilty of murder and attempted murder in the 2011 shooting . Shortly after noon Thursday , a 26-year - old pregnant woman was found dead inside an apartment in the 7500-block of South Luella Avenue , blocks away from the restaurant . Patrice L. Calvin had been shot in the head . She was four months pregnant . Officers were called to the apartment building on Wednesday around 9 p.m. after gunshots were reported."Police got the call . Neighbors called them . They came and knocked on the door . Why did n't you open the door ? My daughter could have been in there bleeding . She could have still been alive , " Aaron Calvin , the victim 's father , said . Calvin 's family gathered at the scene on Friday , waiting for answers . Aaron Calvin said he spoke with his daughter two days ago . He said his son went in on Thursday to check on her and found her dead."Why is there too many guns in Chicago ? That 's what we want to know . Why is innocent people being killed for no reason ? " said Sid Taylor , Patrice Calvin 's cousin . The family said they do n't know why someone would do this."She had a beautiful smile , very independent , she loved her family , she was looking forward to having her first child , " Aaron Calvin said . " My daughter was carrying my grandchild . That is two people dead , " Aaron Calvin said . No one is in custody for any of the shootings . Area Central detectives are investigating . Police said they do believe the restaurant shooting and the shooting involving the Jeep were gang - related . Chicago has seen more than 130 homicides through the first three months of 2017 , according to records maintained by the Sun - Times . Seven other people were wounded in shootings across Chicago Thursday . The shootings came at the end of a month , which at the start of the day had seen a 43 percent drop in homicides year - over - year , according to Chicago Police . March 2016 saw 46 homicides , while March 2017 recorded 26 before the five homicides on Thursday in South Shore . 