2017-03-17

Several Arrested , Charged in Connection to Shooting in Bolling A - NBC29 WVIR Charlottesville , VA News , Sports and Weather 

The Charlottesville Police Department is charging several men they believe were involved in a shooting that sent a teenager to the hospital . 
Authorities are charging 20-year - old Tyrek Wells and 19-year - old Quintus Brooks with malicious wounding and use of a firearm in the commission of a felony . Well is also facing a felony count of eluding police . Eighteen - year - old Cy - Lamarr Rojas is charged with malicious wounding , as well as possession of a firearm after being a convicted of a felony . 
The charges stem from an incident in the area of 6th Street SE and Bolling Avenue in Charlottesville Thursday , March 16 . 
Officers were called out to the area around 10:45 a.m. , where they found a 17 year old suffering from a non - life threatening gunshot wound . The teenager was transported to the University of Virginia Medical Center . 
The suspects had driven away from the scene in a Jeep Cherokee before police had arrived . A police vehicle soon located and forced the suspect SUV off the road in the Stonehenge neighborhood , off Rio Road . 
According to police , the suspects tried to escape on foot , and that one of the men received minor injuries while being caught by a police K-9 . 
The victim was arrested by detectives following his release from the hospital . The teenager is charged with attempted malicious wounding , and use of a firearm in the commission of a felony . 
" We 're still investigating what led up to the shooting . We are getting information in from the community and we 're following up on all leads as they come in , " said Charlottesville Police Lt . DJ Harris . 
Police believe they have all those involved in the incident under arrest , but still want to hear from any eye witnesses . 
Anyone with information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 434 - 977 - 4000 . 
The suspects in the chase are being held at the Albemarle/Charlottesville Regional Jail pending further criminal proceedings , while the teenager who was shot is being held at the Blue Ridge Detention Center . 
The Charlottesville Police Department says additional charges are pending . 
Editor 's Note : Police had previously said four men were detained in connection to the shooting , and that the victim was 16 years old . 