2017-01-16

8 shot at Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Park in Miami on MLK Day ; 2 detained 

NORTHWEST MIAMI - DADE , FLA. ( WSVN ) - Police and fire rescue crews are on the scene after eight people were shot during a Martin Luther King Jr. Day celebration at Martin Luther King Jr. Memorial Park . 
According to Miami - Dade Fire Rescue , three juveniles and three adults were shot , and two other juveniles were grazed by bullets . The two juveniles who were grazed were treated on the scene and released to their parents . 
Miami - Dade Police was among the multiple agencies that responded to the scene of the shooting , at 6011 N.W. 32nd Ave . , in Northwest Miami - Dade , Monday , just before 4 p.m. 
The victims , five children and three adults , ranged in age between 11 to 30 years old . 
Miami - Dade Police searched for the shooters in nearby homes . At around 5:20 p.m. , officers confirmed they had detained two people for questioning and recovered two weapons from the scene . 
“ I now can report that we have two people detained and are being questioned by our detectives , ” Detective Marjoria Eloi said , “ and we have two firearms that have been detained . first police officers on scene clearing NW 32nd Avenue after the shooting . @wsvn pic.twitter.com/rvZcSVN9dm — Ann Keil ( @ann_keil ) January 16 , 2017 
7News reporter Ann Keil and photographers were about 100 feet away from the scene of the shooting , along Northwest 32nd Avenue and Northwest 62nd Street . They heard between four and six shots . 
Moments later , the news crew saw displaced children crying after losing their parents when a stampede of attendees ran away from the scene in search of safety . Many police officers were seen carrying small children away from the scene . 
As all of this was going on , parade - goers were seen ducking for cover underneath vendor tables and behind walls . You also had people who , in the panic of it all , were injured in the stampede , ” said Eloi . 
At one moment , six MDPD officers entered a nearby house with their guns drawn . It is unclear if this is related to the shooting at the park . The officers did not leave the home with anyone . 
According to Keil , at least two women looked like they had been shot in the leg . Officers were seen picking up these victims by hand and carrying them away to safety . 
Moments later , a man was seen on the floor in handcuffs . 
[ This happened ] too close to home , ” said witness Tammy Meeks , who was attending the celebration with her family . I mean , I had my son out here , my nieces and nephews were here , and my main concern was to make sure they were OK. My main goal was to get down and cover them , so they wouldn’t be harmed . It ’s terrible . I mean , this is supposed to be Martin Luther King Day . This should be one of the one days out of the year where whether you’re white , black , Hispanic — no matter what you are — we come together and just have fun and care for one another , and it ’s senseless that we can’t just do that on one day of the year . ” 
By 4:30 p.m. , only a few vendors were left packing up their belongings and tents , visibly disappointed and disheartened after the peaceful day took a violent turn . 
“ A day like today , we were not going to tolerate this , ” said Eloi , “ and we’re gonna continue to investigate and hopefully find some closure for these victims . In order to clear the area , police officers formed a line to block off anyone from going near the scene . 
Geral Frazier , the aunt of one of the juveniles , described the immediate chaos after the shooting . They were still shooting , and the ambulance couldn’t leave , ” Frazier said . Everybody just running and screaming . MLK parade and festival in NW Miami Dade turns into shooting scene . @wsvn pic.twitter.com/eG0lznurPN — Ann Keil ( @ann_keil ) January 16 , 2017 
Five of the six hospitalized victims are listed in stable condition , according to MDPD. Another victim , 20-year - old Gerome Battle , had to undergo two surgeries and is listed in critical condition . 
Cameron Beacham found out on Facebook that his cousin , Battle , had been shot . 
Right now they just said he ’s in surgery , ” Beacham said . He was shot in the leg , and I’m hearing it went through the back . The two younger victims , an 11 and 13 year - old were treated on the scene and released to their parents . 
A day that had started out on a high note , quickly took a terrifying turn , prompting Miami - Dade Police Director to take to Twitter . 
@MiamiDadePD shameful closing to the MLK Parade . Certainly not what the followers of Dr. King Jr. want out of our community . — Juan Perez ( @JPerezinMia ) January 16 , 2017 
“ We can’t even get together and stuff on a peaceful day anymore , ” said Frazier . It ’s sad . The investigation is ongoing . 
If you have any information on this shooting , call Miami - Dade Crime Stoppers at 305 - 471-TIPS. Remember , you can always remain anonymous , and you may be eligible for a $ 1,000 reward . 
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . 