2017-04-06
Police report reveals details of events leading to pregnant teen 's murder 
SAN ANTONIO - New police documents show a man was not only the stepfather of a 15-year - old girl he 's accused of killing , but he ’s also the father of her 1-year - old child and unborn baby , who was also killed . NEWLINE After a month of requests , KSAT 12 has obtained the police report on the murder of 15-year - old Jennifer Delgado . NEWLINE Delgado was murdered last month on the city 's Northwest Side . NEWLINE Police said Armando Rodrigo Garcia - Ramires is Delgado ’s stepfather and the father of her children . NEWLINE A police report said doctors tried to save the unborn child the day of the fatal shooting but were unable to . NEWLINE Delgado 's mother and Garcia - Ramires had split up after 10 years of marriage , and for the past year , the 15-year - old had lived with her stepfather , the report said . NEWLINE Delgado had just moved back in with her mother when she revealed what her stepfather had done . The police report does not say whether the mother then told authorities . NEWLINE The document said the morning of March 6 started with an argument over money between Garcia - Ramires and Delgado ’s mother . They were supposed to meet up at a bank , but he never showed . NEWLINE Delgado ’s mother eventually found him in the woods next to her apartment on Babcock Road with a gun in his hand . He told his wife he " could not live without her " before he shot himself . NEWLINE Fearing the worst , officers went to the apartment . They noticed muddy footprints , a door jamb and an orange with a hole in it . They found the pregnant 15-year - old on the floor motionless , facing the couch , with her son sitting next to her head . NEWLINE The footprints matched Garcia - Ramires ' , who survived and is now charged with two counts of capital murder , one for a child under 10 . NEWLINE -------------------------------------------------------- NEWLINE Do n't miss a thing . Get email alerts from KSAT 12 today . NEWLINE Get alerted to news events as they happen or sign up for a scheduled news headline email that is delivered right to your inbox . Breaking news , severe weather , daily forecasts , entertainment news , all of the day ’s important events to keep you up to date wherever you are . NEWLINE Sign up today . It 's Free . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 by KSAT - All rights reserved . 