2017-03-10

4 shot , 2 fatally , in Washington Park gas station shooting 

A 65-year - old gas station employee was caught in the crossfire early Friday morning when someone sprayed bullets into a Go Lo vestibule on Chicago 's South Side . Three other men were also shot . Two of them died . Witnesses said a gray , four - door Chevrolet pulled up to the gas station near East 51st Street and South Indiana Avenue in the city 's Washington Park neighborhood around 2 a.m. Police said that 's when someone got out of the vehicle and opened fire , before getting back in and taking off north on Indiana . David Scott , 65 , was shot five times . He was transported to Stroger Hospital , where he was listed in good condition . He was able to tell his wife , Angie Anderson , what happened."He said they walked in shooting at some more guys holding the door open and they were shooting at the other guys . By him being there , one of the guys ran toward him and he got caught in the line of fire , " Anderson said . Anderson said there was a shooting at that same location a couple of years ago . Scott was also wounded in that shooting . She is thankful he is going to be OK."He is talking and everything , but he has a pacemaker . Thank God it did n't hit him in the upper area or he probably would n't have made it , " Anderson said . Three other men were shot at the gas station . A 24-year - old man was shot several times in the body and died at the scene . A 24-year - old man suffered several gunshot wounds to the torso and legs . He was rushed in critical condition to Stroger , where he later died . Neither of the victims ' identities have been released . A 25-year - old man was shot several times in the legs and suffered a graze wound to the head . He was transported in serious condition to Stroger . Although police have not confirmed it , those who know the men involved said the shooting was gang - related . Harold Hall knows all too well the pain that comes with these types of shootings . His son was killed in 2005 . Hall has been spreading the word to stop the violence in this community ever since."We must all come together and stop this . It 's nonsense . This is madness . I know there is not an hour or second that goes by that I do n't think about my own loved one , " Hall said . Area Central detectives are handling the investigation . They have not yet released a motive for the shooting . No one in custody . 