2017-03-10
NOPD : 3 killed , including two children , in Gentilly quadruple sh - KSLA News 12 Shreveport , Louisiana News Weather & Sports 
One adult and two children are dead and one person remains in critical condition after a Friday morning quadruple shooting in Gentilly . NEWLINE Rhe shootings happened in the 4200 block of Touro Street . NEWLINE The victims are identified as Jumyrin Smith age 6 , Justin Simms , age 10 , and Monique Smith , age 30 . NEWLINE The fourth victim has not yet been identified . NEWLINE New Orleans Police Department Superintendent Michael Harrison described " a very horrific scene . " NEWLINE The call was initially reported as a triple shooting , but police sources have confirmed that four people were shot . NEWLINE Police have not yet identified a suspect or a motive in the case . NEWLINE While Harrison would not confirm the identities of the victims , he alluded to the possibility that children were somehow involved in the incident . NEWLINE “ It 's horrific man . this is horrible , ” Harrison said . “ It breaks everybody 's heart . Every murder breaks our heart but to find that children were involved . Multiple people were involved . ” NEWLINE While police investigated the shooting , an older couple arrived , who was later identified as the maternal grandparents of the children who lived at the home , according to a report from Nola.com | The Times - Picayune . NEWLINE The woman collapsed on the ground . The man was overheard telling officers , " Those were my only grandchildren , " according to the report . NEWLINE Witnesses later heard the man say , " Gonna kill innocent f---ing children . " NEWLINE New Orleans Mayor Mitch Landrieu said the quadruple shooting in Gentilly is the type of incident that rattles a city to its core . NEWLINE “ In situations like this you really gotta hang your head and just wonder what in the world it 's gonna take for people to understand that we live in a time when the culture of violence is too readily available to us and lives- as precious as these can be taken for no cause , ” Landrieu said . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 WVUE. All rights reserved . 