2017-03-15

Family identifies teen shot , killed by Fremont police 

EMBED >More News Videos Hayward Police now say the victim in a Fremont Officer Involved Shooting Tuesday at City View Apartments in Hayward is a 16-year - old girl from Antioch . She died at a nearby hospital . 
Family identifies 16 yr old who was shot and killed by @FremontPD as Elena Mondragon of # Antioch . She was a student at # Pittsburg HS. pic.twitter.com/Qb92fir1H5 — Lilian Kim ( @liliankim7 ) March 16 , 2017 
Other cars hit at City View apartments yesterday where @FremontPD attempted to stop suspects in stolen vehicle . Suspect vehicle rammed cars pic.twitter.com/wTGRlwXAhd — Melanie Woodrow ( @MelanieWoodrow ) March 15 , 2017 
Hayward police now say the victim in a Fremont officer - involved shooting Tuesday at City View Apartments in Hayward is a 16-year - old girl from Antioch . She died at a nearby hospital . The victim 's family has come forward and identified her as Elena Mondragon."It 's tragic when an officer has to fire their weapon , " said Hayward Police Department spokesperson Sergeant Ryan Cantrell . Tuesday around 5:20 p.m. members of a task force including Fremont Police detectives attempted to stop a stolen vehicle at the apartment complex."As they get out to contact the vehicle the driver of the car drives off and rams a couple of police vehicles , " said Cantrell . Other vehicles were also hit."It sounded like a big bomb went off when it hit and then you just heard the tires screeching and then all of a sudden you heard the gun shots , pow , pow , pow , pow , " said a witness named Warren , who did not want to give his last name . Hayward Police Department is the lead investigative agency and says two Fremont police detectives fired their weapons . The driver of the stolen vehicle drove out of the apartment complex and crashed at Campus Drive and Oaks Drive . Students at nearby University Village Student Housing off - campus were told to shelter in place."It was scary because it caught us off guard , " said Warren . Hayward police says there were four people in the car , two males and two females . One male suspect got out and ran . Law enforcement officials searched for him until 1:30 a.m."We have some leads on who it may be , " said Cantrell."The way he took off and damaged those cars he could care less , " said Warren . The other female and male were taken into custody . The female has since been released . The Fremont police detectives who were injured in the initial crash have been treated and released from a local hospital . The Alameda County District Attorney 's Office is conducting a parallel investigation . Mondragon family has set up a GoFundMe account to help pay for funeral expenses . 