2017-04-02
' This violence is so senseless ' : Mother of 1 of 6 West Side shooting victims 
Two men died and four others were hospitalized after a single shooting attack Sunday afternoon on the West Side , officials said . NEWLINE In other Sunday attacks , at least eight people were shot , including one person who died . NEWLINE The six men were standing in a group in the 3500 block of West Van Buren Street in the Fifth City neighborhood about 4:35 p.m. when a white four - door car , possibly a Chevrolet Impala , pulled up and multiple assailants got out and began firing , police said . NEWLINE A 27-year - old and a 23-year - old , both of whom were shot in the chest , died at Stroger Hospital , police said . NEWLINE The two men killed were identified as Deonta Turner , 23 , of the 4400 block of Norht Ashland Avenue , and Lemont Davis , of the first block of West Harrison Street in Oak Park , the Cook County medical examiner 's office said on Tuesday , April 4 . NEWLINE Three other victims remained in critical condition at Stroger — a man in his 20s shot in the chest , a 24-year - old shot in the chest , back and leg and a 23-year - old shot in the back , police said . NEWLINE A 26-year - old man who was shot in the right leg was in good condition at Mount Sinai Hospital . NEWLINE After the shooting , a couple of dozen family members and friends of the victims , including Shavonnie Williams , gathered near the entrance of Stroger Hospital , many frantically phoning loved ones . Williams , who held hands in prayer with others outside the hospital , said she raced to the hospital after she heard her 24-year - old son was shot . NEWLINE A 19-year - old was shot in the back and a 20-year - old man suffered two wounds in the 8200 block of South Ada Street in the Gresham neighborhood April 2 , 2017 . Both were taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn , where the 20-year - old died and the 19-year - old remains in critical condition . ( Eric Clark / Chicago Tribune ) ( Eric Clark / Chicago Tribune ) NEWLINE " I was cooking , " Williams said about receiving the news of the shooting from a family member , " and I hope my house is n't burned to the ground because I rushed straight here . " NEWLINE The scene was a nightmarish repeat of what she had undergone just a year earlier and in the same area , when her son was shot twice . He was still recovering , with a rod in his leg from that April 2016 injury , when he was shot Sunday afternoon . NEWLINE " I ran all the way home screaming and hollering , " she recalled . " I was just in the process of finding a new apartment trying to get out . This violence is so senseless . " NEWLINE Sunday night , investigators used more than two dozen yellow evidence markers to catalog the shell casings at the crime scene , which was bordered by a community garden , a church and Leif Ericson Scholastic Academy . NEWLINE One neighbor said she had returned around 2 p.m. and saw a young man running with a gun during an apparent dispute . The woman and her sister rushed in the house to call police , who responded soon afterward . However , about 4:30 p.m. , while she was at the store , the woman received a call that there had been a shooting after the police left . NEWLINE She returned to find a bullet hole through her front window . NEWLINE " I was not here when the shooting occurred , thank God , " she said . NEWLINE The woman , who has lived in the neighborhood most of her life , said neighbors have banded with the alderman to get permit parking implemented , a cul - du - sac installed and hold meetings outside to curb crime . But the large group of young men she suspects of selling drugs continue to loiter in the area . NEWLINE " It 's just horrible , " said the woman , who declined to be named . " You get home and there 's all these guys on the block . You do n't know what 's going to happen and you do n't want to get caught in the crossfire . " NEWLINE Ald . Jason Ervin , 28th , who lives within blocks of the crime scene , said he was in church when he learned about the attack . NEWLINE Ervin said he has worked with residents to implement zone parking to oust suspected dealers . They also have been in talks with the Chicago Department of Transportation to discern if the street should be revised to a one - way after efforts to disperse the loitering . NEWLINE The Rev. Michael Eaddy , pastor at People 's Church of the Harvest just north of Sunday ’s shooting , also had spoken just before the incident , according to Ervin . NEWLINE “ It ’s unfortunate . I really hope and pray we can find a solution , " Ervin said . " We have to find law enforcement and economic solution . ” NEWLINE In other shootings : NEWLINE In the Avalon Park neighborhood on the South Side , a 17-year - old man was shot about 9:40 p.m. while he was walking in the 1500 block of East 83rd Street , police said . People in a light - colored sedan opened fire , wounding the man in the right leg . His condition was stabilized at Northwestern Memorial Hospital . NEWLINE About 6 p.m. , a 19-year - old woman in a car traveling in the 3500 block of West Shakespeare Avenue in the Logan Square neighborhood when a gunman on foot fired into the car , hitting her in the shoulder , police said . She got herself to Community First Hospital and was later transferred to Advocate Illinois Masonic Hospital in good condition , police said . NEWLINE One man died and four others were wounded in separate shootings 10 minutes apart on the South and West sides . NEWLINE A 20-year - old man was killed and a 19-year - old was wounded about 12:30 p.m. in the 8200 block of South Ada Street in the Gresham neighborhood . NEWLINE The two were riding in a car with two other people when the driver and another passenger heard gunshots , which hit the two men . The driver stopped in the 8400 block of South Aberdeen Street when he realized his passengers were shot . NEWLINE The 19-year - old was shot in the back , and the older man suffered two gunshot wounds , police said . Both were taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn , where the 20-year - old died and the 19-year - old was in critical condition . NEWLINE The 20-year - old man was identified as Courtney Lewis , of the 7700 block of South Paulina Street , according to the Cook County medical examiner 's office . NEWLINE Another double shooting occurred about 12:25 p.m. on the West Side . Two males , 15 and 21 , were in the 3200 block of West Walnut Street in the East Garfield Park neighborhood when a dark - colored car pulled up and someone in it fired shots , hitting both in their legs , police said . They were taken to Stroger Hospital for treatment , and their conditions were not immediately known . NEWLINE About 12:20 p.m. , a 27-year - old man was shot in the 5700 block of South Laflin Street in Englewood . He was walking when a car pulled up alongside him and two assailants got out and began firing a gun , grazing him in the left foot , police said . The car sped away north on Laflin , and the man was taken to Holy Cross Hospital , where he is in good condition . NEWLINE Later in the afternoon , a 47-year - old man was wounded during a robbery in the South Shore neighborhood . The victim was in the 7800 block of South Kingston Avenue when three male attackers confronted him and announced a robbery , police said . One of the three shot him in the leg as he tried to run away , and then the three attackers took his property . The 47-year - old was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in good condition . 