2017-03-15

Student shot near Seminole High School in Sanford 

A Seminole High School student was shot shortly after dismissal Wednesday , and a 16-year - old was arrested in connection with the shooting later in the afternoon , Sanford police said . 
The student was taken to the hospital with a gunshot wound to his shoulder , police said . His injuries were not considered life - threatening . Police did not release his name and age . 
After a brief search , police arrested the 16-year - old Seminole County Public Schools student about 5 p.m. near the school . He faces a charge of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon . The Orlando Sentinel is not naming the teen because he is a minor . 
We don’t have any clear indication of what transpired between the two individuals , ” Sanford police spokeswoman Bianca Gillett said . “ We are considering it an isolated shooting incident . 
“ It was not an active shooting situation that took place at the high school , ” she added . And it was not on school campus ; it was near the campus , on the roadway leading toward the campus . ” 
The shooting happened less than a block away from the school on Ridgewood Avenue . It was just a few minutes after the school ’s 1:20 p.m. dismissal , said district spokesman Michael Lawrence . 
Parents who came to pick up their children found crime - scene tape stretched across Ridgewood Avenue , and police directing them to the gym near the Live Oak Boulevard entrance . Seminole High and Millennium Middle schools were locked down after the shooting , and after - school activities were canceled . 
School officials used the high school ’s Twitter account to keep parents updated , asking for patience as police searched the scene and sending out updates about the shooting , lockdown and after - school activities . 
“ We are deeply saddened to learn of a shooting just outside of our Seminole High campus this afternoon , ” Superintendent Walt Griffin said in a statement . Our thoughts and condolences are with the victim ’s family during this difficult time . No other injuries have been reported . " 
A bus with 25 students on board was leaving the school when the shooting happened nearby , but police do not think the shooter was targeting anyone on it , Gillett said . None of the students on the bus were injured . 
“ The bus just happened to be on the roadway , ” she said . 
The teenager arrested is a student at Seminole County Public Schools , but police did not know which school he attends . Gillett declined to say what led police to think he is responsible for the shooting , saying the investigation is still active . 
Police do not think the teenager had the gun on school grounds at any point , she said . 
glotan@orlandosentinel.com or dharris@orlandosentinel.com 