2017-02-16
Suspect fatally shot after exchanging gunfire with cops 
An NYPD officer killed a suspect who pointed a gun at him in a Brooklyn backyard Thursday — following a chase and wild shootout that began at a nearby housing project , authorities said . NEWLINE An Anti - Crime team from the 75th Precinct were in a patrol car amid reports of a planned gang retaliation attack when they spotted the suspect running from the Cypress Hills Houses around 4:10 p.m. , according to police . NEWLINE The cops followed the suspicious looking man for two blocks before pulling over and approaching him , officials said . NEWLINE As they were getting out of the car , the suspect pulled a gun and blasted away — causing the officers to return fire . NEWLINE The man then took off , with cops chasing him to 890 Belmont Ave . Along the way , he turned around several times and fired at them , sources said . One witness told The Post she heard at least six shots . NEWLINE “ I saw someone outside looking scared and then I looked outside and saw everyone running for their lives , ” the woman said . “ I heard more shots and ran back inside . An officer followed the suspect down an alley and into the backyard — where he fatally shot him , cops said . NEWLINE It was scary , ” recalled one woman , who works at a nearby salon . We just heard some shots and hid . The suspect , who was not identified , stumbled into a nearby apartment building before collapsing and dying at the scene , sources said . NEWLINE Cops found his .32-caliber pistol near his body . NEWLINE Police officials said the officers were in the area because they believed there would be retaliation for a gang - related shooting on Saturday . NEWLINE At least one person was shot in a stairwell at the Cypress Hills Houses at around 8:20 p.m. , cops said , though it ’s unclear if that is the incident in question . NEWLINE The area has been plagued by an ongoing feud between two groups at one of the project ’s buildings that go by the names “ Frontside ” and “ Backside . The rivalry has led to numerous shootings and left residents on edge . NEWLINE This happens a lot here , ” explained Javier , who co - owns a deli on Blake Ave and Logan Ave . NEWLINE “ We’re terrified , ” he said . What if it would’ve happened in front of my store and someone would’ve gotten hurt ? ! ” NEWLINE Additional reporting by Shawn Cohen and Caroll Alvarado 