2017-04-05

17-Year - Old Boy Killed While Walking Home From School in South L.A. Is ID’d by Family 

Please enable Javascript to watch this video 
A 17-year - old boy killed during a triple shooting in the Vermont - Slauson neighborhood of South Los Angeles Tuesday afternoon was identified as Kevin Cleveland Jr. by his mother on Wednesday morning . 
The mother , speaking to reporters outside the family 's home , said her son was walking home from school when he was shot . The gunfire -- some 10 shots -- was reported near the intersection of Vermont Avenue and 60th Street about 3:50 p.m. , according to LAPD. 
Two other teens who were with Cleveland were also shot by a gunman wearing a hoodie . 
One victim was in critical condition after the shooting and the other had suffered non - life threatening injuries , Los Angeles Police Department Deputy Chief Phillip Tingirides said . The surviving victims were described as a boy and a girl between the ages of 15 and 17 . 
Cleveland ’s mother , who gave only her first name , Ladrena , told KTLA she heard the barrage of gunfire and got in her car to go try to find her son . 
" I jumped straight up , like , ' Where is Kevin at ? ' " Ladrena said . " That 's what we go through around here when there 's a shooting . " 
She found her son , wounded in the stomach and leg but still able to talk , and thought he would be OK. He got up and got on the gurney , Ladrena said . 
He later died at the hospital , leaving the family with questions about why it took so long for him to get medical attention , Kevin 's cousin said . 
Kevin , who had recently celebrated his 17th birthday , had never been involved in gangs and loved to play video games at home , Ladrena said . She described him as an " Xbox Live kid . " 
" He was trying to get home , and he just was caught up , " Ladrena said . " He did n't know nobody was going to come shooting . None of the kids knew . They would n't have been out there if they knew somebody was going to come shooting . " 
The victim has two older brothers and two older sisters , Ladrena said . 
" He was an innocent bystander , period , " said Kevin 's cousin , standing alongside Ladrena . " Somebody had the audacity to come up to a school , come up to ... some kids and let some fire out on some kids ? ... What did you gain from that ? " 
The gunman remains at large . He was described as a black man in his 20s who was wearing jeans and a hooded sweatshirt . 
It was unclear if the shooting was gang related , but police confirmed there was no indication the victims had any gang ties . 
The shooting occurred near John Muir Middle School and Augustus Hawkins High School . 