2017-02-07

UPDATE : Birmingham police say slain teen was with group downtown - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham , AL 

Birmingham police now say a teen was shot and killed Tuesday afternoon when he went with a group of people to purchase a handgun . 
Police say the teen was killed at 18th Street South and 2nd Avenue South , just blocks from Regions Field . 
Family members says the victim is 17-year - old Isaiah Johnson and attended Wenonah High School . 
" Isaiah is a fine kid , " his uncle , Dr. Carl Johnson , Sr . , said . " You know he is a real to himself type kid . Quiet and always respectful . " 
Birmingham police say people reported hearing gunshots around 3 p.m. and when officers arrived , they found a black male in the street , suffering a gunshot wound to the chest . 
Lt . Sean Edwards say that officers performed CPR but were unable to save the teen . 
Johnson rushed to the scene right when he found out what happened to his nephew . 
" I arrived here and met my brother here and tried to console him and so it has just been one behind the other trying to console the family , " he said . 
Johnson gathered the many loved ones on the scene and prayed with them . 
" I was praying for strength , " he told us . 
Edwards says that police interviewed several people who were in the car with the victim to understand what happened . 
Edwards says the victim and those with him were meeting another group in an alley off the intersection to purchase a handgun and exchange handguns . Edwards says someone in a brown - colored vehicle started firing into the alley , striking the victim , who then fled to the street where he collapsed . 
Police say the suspects then fled the scene . There have been no arrests at this time . 
Detectives believe this meetup was set up through Facebook . 
“ This is extremely unfortunate . The fact that another young person can invest the energy and effort into activities that are detrimental to their lives . Sad , " Edwards said . 
Dr. Johnson says although the family is still in shock they know one thing is certain . 
" We trust that justice will prevail . The law will do what the law needs to do here so that we can get to the bottom of what happened here , " he said . 
Johnson is the second Wenonah High School student to be killed within a week . Juzahris Webb , 17 , was shot and killed Jan. 31 while walking home from school . 
" We were saddened to hear of the passing of a Wenonah High School student today . Our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends . He will be missed . Counselors will be available at Wenonah High School on Wednesday , Feb. 8 to help students and staff through this difficult time . , " Birmingham City Schools Interim Superintendent Dr. Larry Contri said . 
Copyright 2017 WBRC. All rights reserved . 