2017-01-15

Young mother from St. Peters killed in Kansas City triple homici - KMOV.com 

ST. CHARLES COUNTY , Mo. ( KMOV.com ) – A young mother from St. Peters was killed in a triple homicide in Kansas City on Thursday night . 
According to police , three men entered the Trails at the Ridge apartment complex and shot five people inside . Three people were killed , including 20-year - old Ali Brown . Brown ’s two year old son Karson was seriously injured along with another adult . 
Brown is the daughter of former St. Peters mayor Shawn Brown . She was living in Kansas City with her son . 
They both just had those brilliant blue eyes and those long eye lashes , ” said Carissa Figgins . Figgins is the executive director of Sparrow ’s Nest in St. Charles , a home for pregnant teenagers . Brown lived at Sparrow ’s Nest and became like family to Figgins . For this to happen , it ’s just unreal , ” said Figgins . 
Brown ’s brother Trent Brown who also lives in Kansas City said they have heard very little from police . 
Investigators released a vague description of the suspects on Saturday , but no further information on the quintuple shooting . 
It ’s terrible that she ’s gone , it hurts , ” said Brown over the phone . He is heading to St. Louis for his sister ’s funeral . 
Brown said his nephew Karson is miraculously expected to survive after being shot five times in the incident . 
“ He ’s going to be in the hospital for a great deal of time , a lot of things to recover from , ” said Figgins . 
Figgins said Karson was Ali ’s whole world . 
Any teaching moment we gave her she just took it in and tried to be the best mom that she could for Karson , ” said Figgins . She was very vivacious , very energetic , very happy and trying to make everyone happy around her . ” 
Both Figgins and Brown ’s family said they will do everything they can to help the two - year - old get through this tragic time . 
“ As a community , whether it ’s in St. Charles or Kansas City we can’t allow Karson ’s life to be a tragedy , for all the love , for all the attention that Ali poured into her son , we can’t let his life be for naught . ” 
The family has set up a GoFundMe page to help with funeral expenses and future needs for Karson . 
Copyright 2016 KMOV ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved . 