2017-01-10
Deaths of Fort Lauderdale mother , daughter a murder - suicide , police say 
The deaths of a mother and her young daughter inside a home in Fort Lauderdale have been ruled a murder - suicide , police said Tuesday . NEWLINE A family member found the woman and her daughter shot to death just after 5:20 a.m. Tuesday in a home along the 2000 block of Northwest 29th Terrace , Fort Lauderdale Detective Keven Dupree said . NEWLINE Authorities have not released the names of the woman and girl , but family members identified them as Ericka Joseph , 46 , and her 9-year - old daughter , Akili Joseph . NEWLINE Joseph , a retired Marine , shared custody of her daughter , who was supposed to have returned to Colombia on Tuesday after visiting for the holidays , said Tony Williams , Joseph 's brother . NEWLINE Akili 's father went to pick her up Tuesday when he realized something was wrong , Williams said . NEWLINE " He was here to pick [ Akili ] up , " Williams said . " The pickup routine was uncharacteristic — that 's how we came about to learn [ of their deaths ] . " NEWLINE Ericka Joseph and Akili Joseph Tonya Williams/Courtesy Family members identified Ericka Joseph and her 9-year - old daughter , Akili , as the two people found dead inside a Fort Lauderdale home Tuesday . Police have ruled their deaths as a murder - suicide . Family members identified Ericka Joseph and her 9-year - old daughter , Akili , as the two people found dead inside a Fort Lauderdale home Tuesday . Police have ruled their deaths as a murder - suicide . ( Tonya Williams/Courtesy ) ( Tonya Williams/Courtesy ) NEWLINE Crime scene tape sealed off the fenced - in yard of the home , which appeared to have hurricane shutters over at least some of its windows . NEWLINE " My niece was a vibrant young girl and she loved sports . She was outgoing and smart , " Williams said . " It 's sad , a tragedy , and we still do n't know what happened as of right now . " NEWLINE rpiccardo@sun - sentinel.com , 954 - 356 - 4544 or Twitter @rebecapiccardo 