2017-02-12
2 men in custody in connection to Caruthersville , MO nightclub s - KFVS12 News & Weather Cape Girardeau , Carbondale , Poplar Bluff 
Community leaders are speaking out after a deadly nightclub shooting in Caruthersville , Missouri . NEWLINE Caruthersville Mayor Mike McGraw said this a tragedy that wo n't soon be forgotten . NEWLINE During this tough time , he said he wants to assure residents that it will be his duty to help the city move forward . NEWLINE The mayor said he is starting an investigation into Club Envy . He said he plans to review the club 's compliance with city ordinances and decide if there 's any new measures that need to be in place so something like this can never happen again . NEWLINE Mayor McGraw said his hope is for the community to move forward as one , regardless of individual friendships , social or economic position and race . NEWLINE A city council meeting has been scheduled for Tuesday , Feb. 21 where city leaders plan to discuss the situation . NEWLINE The shooting happened around 3:30 a.m. on Sunday , Feb. 12 at Club Envy . NEWLINE Travis Ware and Anton " DunnDunn " Jones both face charges of murder 1st degree and armed criminal action . NEWLINE One person was killed and five others were hurt in the shooting . NEWLINE Freddie Rodgers , Jr. was shot in the abdomen . He died at the hospital . NEWLINE Investigators say another man was shot in the head . NEWLINE Missouri Highway Patrol Sgt . Clark Parrott said a party started in Kennett , and then people went to Caruthersville to resume the party at Club Envy . NEWLINE There were around 300 people in the club at the time of the shooting , according to Parrott . NEWLINE During an interview , Ware told investigators that a fight started between his sister and another man . NEWLINE He told investigators his sister asked for his help during the fight . NEWLINE Court documents show that Ware said he wanted to be honest about what happened , but wanted an attorney . NEWLINE He had a gunshot wound to the upper arm . NEWLINE Witnesses told investigators that Jones fired several rounds at the club and that one of his rounds hit Rodgers . NEWLINE Residents we talked to at the time said of the shooting said this needs to stop . NEWLINE " They need to get to the bottom of it and never let it happen again if they can keep from it because there 's so much meanness going on in the world . " NEWLINE Ware and Jones are both being held without bond . NEWLINE Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android NEWLINE Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved . 