2017-01-05

Three guns , magazines and bullets found with teen who killed himself 

Central High School ( Photo : EVSC ) 
Police discovered three guns and a backpack with bullets and 9 mm magazines near the teen who shot and killed himself outside of Central High School early Tuesday morning . 
Roman M. Kellough , 15 , of Evansville died of a single , self - inflicted gunshot wound Tuesday , according to Vanderburgh County Coroner Steve Lockyear . 
Police also said that there was a weapon found near Kellough 's body . 
According to an Evansville Police Department report , officers discovered two 9 mm handguns and a .38-caliber handgun along with 46 9-mm bullets , two magazines and 13 38-caliber bullets , a backpack , cell phone and wallet . 
A school district spokesman confirmed Kellough was a former student at the school who had withdrawn near the end of the fall semester . District officials did not offer a reason for Kellough leaving the school , other than to say that he had done so on his own and was not an enrolled student at any Evansville Vanderburgh School Corp. facility . 
Spokesman Jason Woebkenberg refused to comment beyond a statement the EVSC issued on Wednesday . That statement , which did not include Kellough 's name , warned against social media " speculation . " 
Evansville Police Sgt . Jason Cullum classified the case as " still an active investigation " when asked asked about Kellough 's motives and whether he ever posed any additional threats . Cullum acknowledged multiple weapons were found and said investigators have spoken to several people during the last few days , including members of Kellough 's family . 
Cullum said police are still trying to determine how Kellough got the weapons or who they belonged to . Lockyear on Thursday said that it is believed that Kellough fatally shot himself " several hours before he was discovered . " Authorities do not have an exact time of death , but Lockyear has said it is not believed that there were any witnesses to the act . 
Lockyear has there were no outside surveillance cameras to capture the incident . 
Read or Share this story : http://www.courierpress.com/story/news/local/2017/01/05/three - guns - magazines - and - bullets - found - teen - who - killed - himself/96193160/ 