2017-02-23
WATCH : ' Guardian angel ' police officer rescues veteran from burning car 
Spokane police Officer Tim Schwering was working his usual graveyard shift when he received the radio call NEWLINE Imagine you 're driving down a deserted residential street in the middle of the night when your car suddenly loses all power and rolls to a stop . NEWLINE Advertisement NEWLINE Smoke starts rising from under the hood . NEWLINE You pull the door handle , but it wo n't budge . The car 's doors are stuck in the locked position . NEWLINE You kick at the windows , but they wo n't break . NEWLINE You 're trapped with no one around to help . NEWLINE Then it gets worse : Smoke from the engine turns to flames . NEWLINE That 's the situation Navy veteran Kim Novak of Spokane , Washington , found herself in last month . NEWLINE " The car just went black , " Novak said . " The radio shut off , all the lights went off . The motor stopped . I mean just black . " NEWLINE Novak did n't know " if the flames were going to get me first or the smoke was going to get me . " NEWLINE She grabbed for her phone and dialed a 911 dispatcher , who told her to try again to kick out the car 's windows . They would n't shatter . NEWLINE ' I 'm going to that ' NEWLINE In his patrol car , not far away , Spokane police Officer Tim Schwering , was working his usual graveyard shift . " I just heard it on the radio and decided , I 'm going to that , " he recalled . NEWLINE Minutes later , Schwering was there . He recalled finding Novak in her car in the middle of the street . The engine compartment was " completely engulfed in flames . " NEWLINE Schwering had to punch through the car 's glass . But how ? NEWLINE Dramatic police body camera video shows the officer using his baton to crack the vehicle 's driver - side window . NEWLINE But it " was n't working fast enough , " he said . " That 's when I started ripping the glass out with my hands . " NEWLINE He worked for about a minute , all the while the fire threatening to hit the fuel line and spark an explosion . NEWLINE Finally , Schwering created just enough space for Novak to climb through the window . NEWLINE " I grab an arm , a neighbor grabs an arm , and we pull her out of the car and drag her to the ambulance , " Schwering remembered . NEWLINE The video shows the three of them rushing away from the flames . NEWLINE No one was injured , but Novak and Schwering were treated for smoke inhalation as a precaution . NEWLINE The cause of the car failure and fire remains under investigation , Novak said . Immediately before losing power , Novak had driven over an ice bump -- those patches of frozen slush that dot Spokane 's residential streets in winter . Her mid - sized sedan was only about four years old with just about 73,000 miles , Novak said , adding that it had been regularly serviced . NEWLINE Police academy NEWLINE The bodycam video of the rescue has drawn widespread attention . As it turns out , Schwering is a big reason Spokane police officers wear them . NEWLINE Before he became a cop , Schwering worked for the department as a director of strategic initiatives . One of his tasks was to implement police body cameras . NEWLINE Impressed with the officers and their noble work , Schwering enrolled in the police academy . He took a pay cut when he joined the force a year ago at age 42 . NEWLINE As for the fame he 's drawn since rescuing Novak , Schwering said , " Getting this attention is nice , but I can tell you a hundred stories that have happened in the past month within this department and around the nation that are doing the same things . " NEWLINE ' Divine intervention ' NEWLINE Novak said she was " at the mercy of whoever was going to come save me . " She called Schwering her " guardian angel . " She 's sharing her story to promote Schwering 's bravery . NEWLINE " Divine intervention , by the grace of God -- whatever you want to say -- he came to my rescue , " she said . " Because I would n't have made it . I honestly believe I would have perished in there . " 