2017-02-15

Kenosha fatal shooting victim identified as 23-year - old Sean Bialas 

The victim of Saturday ’s fatal shooting in Kenosha has been identified as 23-year - old Sean Bialas . Bialas was a quadriplegic man who made headlines three years ago for his troubled past . 
Balloons , teddy bears , and candles line the staircase up the apartment where Bialas took his last breath . The victim ’s mother , Karen Bialas , said she ’s wondering how someone could shoot a man who had no way of defending himself . 
It ain’t real . How ? why ? ” asked Bialas . 
Bialas got a call Saturday night , saying she needed to get to her son ’s apartment , where he had been shot and killed . 
“ Sean loves everybody , ” she said . Sean puts everyone before himself . ” 
A 15-year - old is now in custody in connection to the shooting . Kenosha Police tell TODAY ’S TMJ4 this is being investigated as either an accidental shooting , homicide by negligent handling of a deadly weapon , or reckless homicide . 
“ Sean couldn’t even hold a gun , ” said Bialas . 
Bialas said her son was confined to a wheelchair , leaving him helpless in that situation . 
Sean had no use of his fingers after being a quadriplegic , ” she said . 
Back in 2014 , Bialas was paralyzed after corrections officers were called to his cell at the Kenosha County Jail . They were trying to place him in a restraint chair . After the incident , Bialas was no longer able to use his legs or fingers . 
“ If my baby wouldn’t have been paralyzed he wouldn’t have been here and this wouldn’t have happened , ” said Bialas . 
Bialas said she will continue to fight for justice in the incident that left him debilitated , and now the shooting that took his life . 
“ He’ll never be forgotten , Sean will always be in everyone ’s heart and mind , Sean is with us everyday , ” she said . 
Bialas’ friends and family gathered at Northport Baptist Church in Kenosha Tuesday night for a memorial service , followed by a candlelight vigil at the scene of the shooting . 
Be sure and try our new SNOWCAST APP ! It is the " snow equivalent to STORM SHIELD " - a great new product that gives you high resolution snow forecasts for any part of the nation ! It has just been introduced for iPhones , but we are working on the Android version ! Just search SNOWCAST in the App Store or click here . 