2017-01-29

PD : Gun battle leaves 1 dead , 3 wounded at Phoenix apartment com - azfamily.com 3TV | Phoenix Breaking News , Weather , Sport 

One man was shot and killed and three other people were wounded in an early - morning gun battle at a Phoenix apartment complex , officers said . 
The man and two women were rushed to the hospital with life - threatening injuries . 
A fourth victim , a 17-year - old girl , later appeared at a local hospital with gunshot wounds . 
" ( The girl ) arrived at an area hospital with a non - life - threatening injury she had sustained as a result of this incident as well , " Phoenix Police Lt . Paul Taylor said . 
The full extent of their injuries was n't provided . Officers have not yet released any names . 
“ We’re still trying to work through actually what all occurred , who their identities are , " Phoenix Police Lt . Mark Heimall said . 
The shooting happened just before 5:30 a.m. Sunday at the Villages at Metro Center at 3116 W. Vogel . 
We only had one call on it , ” As officers began to arrive , we could hear continued gunshots coming from somewhere in the complex and 911 operators could also hear what sounded like gunshots . ” 
An apparent confrontation led to a gun battle . 
It appears there may have been an exchange of gunfire between suspects and victims , ” Phoenix Police Lt . Paul Taylor said . 
A neighbor , Charles Sisneros , said the gunfire woke him up . He told his wife and children to get on the floor and bullets flew . 
It was several clips , " he said . " It was emptying a magazine and reload . That ’s what is was , pop , pop , pop , pop and then pop , pop , pop , pop and pop , pop . Police investigators were trying to gather more details . 
There are indications it started inside but could have been outside as well , ” “ We do know there were several occupants in the apartment at the time the shooting occurred . There were multiple people that were struck and had been shot . As officers pulled up , one of them spotted a vehicle leaving the area . 
We don’t know if it was related to what occurred , ” It was a suspicious vehicle but it left with its lights out at a high rate of speed . We have very limited description . Officers were trying to locate witnesses who could shed light on the shooting . 
We did not encounter anybody who was armed , ” he said . “ We did not chase anybody on foot , ” Heimall said . 
The officer who spotted the suspicious vehicle could not get a good enough look at who was inside . 
Taylor said police are looking for at least two suspects he described as Hispanic . Their ages or physical descriptions were not available . 
Officers were sweeping through the complex looking for shell casings and other pieces of evidence . 
Limited suspect description . Multiple ppl shot . Total 4 victims . Police kept hearing multiple shots fired # azfamily pic.twitter.com/8L8LdmNTcS — Juan Magana ( @PhxJuanMagana ) January 29 , 2017 
[ Google map : 3116 W. Vogel Ave . ) 
Copyright 2017 KPHO/KTVK ( KPHO Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved . 