2017-03-30

Teen shot at Haverstock Apartments : ' I ca n't feel my legs ' 

HOUSTON - A 16-year - old girl who was critically injured during a shooting at Haverstock Apartments Sunday spoke exclusively to Channel 2 about her experience . 
Ty - bra Baptiste said she was in the apartment complex Sunday with her 1-year - old cousin and best friend at the park when she heard the shots . She said she ran with her cousin , who was her only concern , but she said she fell while she tried to get away . 
" The people started arguing , and this lady was like , ' You have to go , you have to go . They 're about to start shooting . ' I was telling them we was about to go , and they already started shooting , " Baptiste said . " And I did n't think I got hit because I was so far from the bullet . " 
Baptiste said she was lying on the ground for some time , not knowing she was shot , when two women came to her aide . They took her to her apartment , and that 's when she realized she had been injured . 
VIDEO : Haverstock Apartments shooting victim speaks from hospital bed 
" When we came around the corner , she was laying on the ground , " explained Teniqua Baines . " She just had her hand out and was like , ' help ! help ! " 
Baines said her children came inside after they saw the group arguing . It was moments later that the shooting happened in their complex . Baines and her sister , Monette Green , came outside to see what happened and that 's when they found Baptiste . 
" She gave me her car keys and was like , go get my car and we 're going to take her home , " said Baines in regards to her sister 's car . " She [ Baptiste ] just kept saying her apartment number . My sister and I picked her up off the ground and took her home . " 
Baptiste thought she was hurt from falling , and did n't realize she was hit until she went to the restroom and saw blood . 
PHOTOS : Teen injured in deadly Haverstock Apartments shooting 
× 1 of 3 2 of 3 3 of 3 
" We never saw the bullet that 's the thing , she told us , I kept saying , ' Where are you hurting at ? ' and just kept saying , ' I just fell , my back hurts and I ca n't feel my legs , ' " said Baines . 
The 16-year - old was shot in the backside and the bullet pierced her intestine and hit her colon . She was taken to LBJ Hospital . Her 1-year - old cousin was not injured . 
" Watching her lay up there in that hospital like that -- oh , my God , oh , my God , " explained Baptiste grandmother , Laura , through tears . " I love my baby and it hurts me so bad , Lord Jesus help me . " 
Baines and Green later found out that indeed Baptitse was hurt during the shootout . They went to visit the teen at the hospital and were impressed by her her spirit . 
" I was like , this is a child of God , like her spirit , " said Green . " You would think she 's just in there for being sick , not for this type of thing . She said , ' I remember y'all , thank y'all , I love y'all and I 'll never forget y'all . " 
Brothers Harvey and Jeremy Jones were charged in the shooting that left two other people dead and three others critically injured . 
Jeremy Jones , 28 , is charged with capital murder , according to court documents . 
Harvey Jones , 34 , is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . 
Both were denied bond Thursday during a hearing in probable cause court . 
RAW VIDEO : Harvey and Jeremy Jones appear in court over Haverstock Apartments shooting 
A GoFundMe account has been set up to help Baptiste and her family . 
Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up - to - date with the latest news while you 're on the go . 
Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news , sports , entertainment , contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox . 
Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved . 