2017-03-03
2 suspected gang members charged with murder in ' satanic ' slaying of teen girl 
HOUSTON - Two men who are charged with murder in the death of a girl whose body was found lying in a southwest Houston road on Feb. 16 . appeared in court Wednesday night . NEWLINE Police believe Miguel Angel Alvarez - Flores , 22 , and Diego Alexander Hernandez - Rivera , 18 , are MS 13 gang members from El Salvador . NEWLINE Prosecutors said in court that a 14-year - old witness told investigators she was kidnapped , held against her will for several days at an apartment on Glenmont Road , and repeatedly sexually assaulted by members of the gang after she ran away from school one day . NEWLINE RAW VIDEO : Men accused in ' satanic ' slaying of teen girl appear in court NEWLINE According to prosecutors , the girl said that after four days she was given to a man named Flaco who moved her to another apartment where six other MS 13 gang members lived . The witness said she was forced to drink alcohol and take drugs while the gang members raped her . NEWLINE The girl told investigators that at one point , the leader of the gang , Diabilco , held her down and tattooed the image of the grim reaper on her body from her knee down to her foot , prosecutors said . It was found that Diabilco is Alvarez - Flores , according to prosecutors . NEWLINE The girl said that during her captivity , she met another girl at the apartment who was called Genesis , prosecutors said . She told investigators that one night Genesis made an outburst against a shrine dedicated to the gang members ' satanic beliefs that offended Alvarez - Flores . In reaction to the outburst , he gave an offering of a lit cigarette to the satanic statue , prosecutors said , but then told the group that the beast did not want a material offering but wanted a soul . NEWLINE The 14-year - old said the next day she woke up and Genesis was gone , according to prosecutors . NEWLINE The witness told detectives she believes that the body found on Feb. 16 is Genesis , the girl she met at the apartment . NEWLINE In a statement to police , Hernandez - Rivera , stated that Alvarez - Flores told him in Spanish , " Prepare yourself , it is your turn . " He said it was an order to kill the girl , prosecutors said . NEWLINE Hernandez - Rivera said they left the apartment and drove to the murder scene , according to prosecutors . NEWLINE Initially , police said they were trying to determine if the girl was killed at another location and her body was dumped at the scene . NEWLINE " The signs that I 'm looking at would appear that she was killed somewhere else , brought here and then dumped , " said Fil Waters , of HPD Homicide . " It looks like it was just rolled up , opened the door , rolled her out and left . " NEWLINE Later , witnesses reported hearing gunshots in the area where the girl was found . NEWLINE Prosecutors said Hernandez - Rivera stated he and Alvarez - Flores got out of the vehicle and sat the girl in the grass on the side of the road . NEWLINE Hernandez - Rivera told investigators that Alvarez - Flores pulled out a pistol and waved it , signaling that it was " time to take action " and for him to grab the gun . Hernandez - Rivera grabbed the pistol from Alvarez - Flores ' hand , turned toward the victim and shot her in the head , prosecutors said . NEWLINE The two men were walking back to the vehicle when Alvarez - Flores fired one more shot at close range into the victim 's chest , prosecutors said . NEWLINE The victim 's body , clothed in a shirt , jeans and tennis shoes , was found about 7:35 a.m. near the intersection of Sharpcrest Street and Sam Houston Parkway South . Houston police said a man who was taking his kids to school found the body . NEWLINE Sky 2 over scene NEWLINE In a court appearance Thursday morning prosecutors said Alvarez - Flores gave a statement to police admitting that he was the leader of the MS 13 gang and he was acting on orders from someone else to kill Genesis . NEWLINE “ I’m always cautious to call a statement a confession because until I see it with my own eyes and see how it was obtained , it could just be a statement about what he saw or what he heard . ” Emily Detoto , attorney for Hernandez - Rivera said . “ Even if it was a confession , if it wasn’t constitutionally obtained , then it probably wouldn’t be admissible anyway . ” NEWLINE Attorney Emily Detoto briefs media on satanic killing case NEWLINE Hernandez - Rivera and Alvarez - Flores are both charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder and are being held on $ 150,000 bond for each charge . Both men have immigration holds , prosecutors said . NEWLINE “ There would be a multi - layer process for them to be able to walk about on the streets of our county , ” prosecutor Lisa Collins said . NEWLINE Prosecutor Lisa Collins speaks on satanic killing case NEWLINE The identity of the victim known as Genesis is pending verification by the Harris County Institute of Forensic Services . NEWLINE Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up - to - date with the latest news while you 're on the go . NEWLINE Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news , sports , entertainment , contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved . 