2017-03-04
Father Asking For Prayers , Miracle After Seven - Year - Old Shot 
BEEBE , Ark. - A seven - year - old girl from White County was shot inside her home and is on life support . Her family is praying she 'll survive . NEWLINE This after her mother died just months ago from a blood disorder . The young girl 's father is asking for prayers and a miracle . NEWLINE A beautiful family with all smiles . It 's moments like that Matthew Wezowicz remembers . NEWLINE " Hold them tight because they can be gone tomorrow , " said Matthew . NEWLINE Matthew 's wife Renata passed just three months ago from sickle cell anemia . Now , he stands in front of Arkansas Children 's Hospital while his daughter Karma is on life support . NEWLINE " You just think about all the good moments that you shared and you pray that you can continue to keep sharing them , " said Matthew . NEWLINE He is visibly emotional as he explains what happened . He says he was at home in Beebe with his daughter Monday evening . They were playing games and getting ready to do homework . His last memory before she was shot was only happy . NEWLINE " I just remember her smiling . She was so beautiful , " said Matthew . NEWLINE He says a friend , Jeremiah Owens , came to his house to check on him and Karma . Owens was looking a gun that Matthew says he 'd recently purchased . Moments later , it went off , and Karma had been shot . NEWLINE " I looked back at him and I asked him , what did you do ? , " said Matthew . " It did n't feel real . It did n't feel real at all . " NEWLINE Since then he 's been at the hospital by Karma 's side . He 's a man of faith.. NEWLINE " I 'm giving her every chance for God to give me another miracle , " said Matthew . " The more prayers I get for a miracle , the better , the power of prayer is real . " NEWLINE However , he knows if she does n't survive someone is waiting for her on the other side . NEWLINE " If He does n't then at least I know she 's in heaven with her mom , " said Matthew . NEWLINE Karma 's still in critical condition . Matthew says doctors have declared her brain dead . 