2017-02-28
Pot Dispute Led To Shootout That Killed 3 Men In Brighton Park : Prosecutor 
Torrence Reese , 18 , is charged with murder , attempted murder and armed robbery . He was shot in his buttocks and right arm , and spent nine days in a hospital . View Full Caption DNAinfo ; Cook County Sheriff 's Office NEWLINE COOK COUNTY CRIMINAL COURTHOUSE — An Englewood man has been charged in the Brighton Park shootout that killed three men and left two wounded Feb. 15 . NEWLINE Torrence Reese , 18 , was denied bail Tuesday on charges of first - degree murder , attempted first - degree murder and armed robbery . NEWLINE According to prosecutors , Reese and 19-year - old Julian Miller went to an apartment in the 3900 block of South Albany Avenue about 2:45 p.m. Feb. 15 hoping to buy two ounces of marijuana for $ 400 . NEWLINE At the apartment lived brothers Emmanuel Camacho , 18 , and Filogonio Rivera , 20 , who were known to have guns and occasionally sell marijuana , Assistant State 's Attorney Holly Grosshans said during a bond hearing Tuesday . NEWLINE Reese had reached out to a witness — a friend from high school — who arranged a deal for Reese , Miller , Camacho and Rivera , prosecutors said . NEWLINE On Feb 15 , Reese , Miller and the witness began smoking marijuana inside a bedroom at Camacho and Rivera 's apartment as the brothers played video games , Grosshans said . The group reportedly discussed the purchase of marijuana . NEWLINE At some point , the witness felt nauseous and left the bedroom to get a glass of water , prosecutors said . NEWLINE That 's when multiple shots rang out from inside the bedroom . NEWLINE As the witness tried to flee the apartment , prosecutors said , Reese ran out of the bedroom with a gun and fired multiple shots toward the witness , who was struck in his hip and left leg . NEWLINE According to Grosshans , the witness was able to hide in the building 's basement , where he heard additional shots and a " physical scuffle " coming from Camacho and Rivera 's apartment . NEWLINE UPDATE : 5 people shot , 3 dead , 2 in critical in Brighton Park home pic.twitter.com/tnmmYwTNzV — Charlie De Mar ( @CharlieDeMar ) February 15 , 2017 NEWLINE Reese soon fled the building , got into his car and circled the block — apparently waiting for Miller to run outside and get in the car , prosecutors said . NEWLINE When that did n't happen , Reese drove himself to a nearby Dunkin ' Donuts , handed his car keys to an employee and said his sister would be back for the vehicle , Grosshans said . The employee called 911 ; Reese had been shot in his buttocks and right arm . In court Tuesday , Reese said he spent nine days in a hospital following the shooting . NEWLINE Neighbors soon found Miller laying dead on a porch next to a bag of marijuana , prosecutors said . Camacho and Rivera were discovered dead inside their apartment , where each man had been shot multiple times . NEWLINE According to Grosshans , police recovered a bloody 9mm handgun and a bag of marijuana inside Reese 's car . NEWLINE Officers on the scene found five 9mm shell casings and one live round , authorities said . The surviving witness , who 'd been taken to a hospital in critical condition for his gunshot wounds , later identified Reese as the shooter . NEWLINE Reese , of the 900 block of West 68th Street , has no criminal history as an adult , prosecutors said . NEWLINE Defense attorney Mitchell Kreiter in court Tuesday described the shooting as mutual combat — telling Cook County Judge Peggy Chiampas that officers found another gun on the scene . NEWLINE Miller and Reese were close friends , Kreiter said . Miller 's mother was among 15 people who wrote letters to Judge Chiampas praising Reese 's character and asking for a lenient bond . NEWLINE Kreiter also argued for a low bond , and began to suggest police officers charged with murder receive more lenient bonds than civilians . NEWLINE " I do n't want to be a smart aleck , " Kreiter said , " but people come in here in uniforms — " NEWLINE The judge cut him off . NEWLINE " I am offended by that comment because in this courtroom , in front of me , that 's irrelevant , " Chiampas said . " Everybody in my courtroom is treated equally . " NEWLINE After taking a brief recess to read the 15 letters , Chiampas told Reese he was " one lucky man " for having so many friends and relatives write " very heartfelt letters " on his behalf . NEWLINE Chiampas denied Reese bail , noting , " There are three people that died , and one of them is your friend . " 