2017-02-06
Man , woman found shot to death in Southwest Side home 
Authorities early Monday found a man and a woman shot dead in a Southwest Side home , while five other people were wounded in shootings in the city from Monday morning into Monday night , officials said . NEWLINE The man and woman were found in the home in the Brighton Park neighborhood Monday morning , Chicago police said . NEWLINE Police were called to the 2500 block of West 46th Street around 7:30 a.m. , according to police . NEWLINE It was n't clear how long the bodies had been there or when the shooting took place . NEWLINE Officials said the woman was 33 years old and had been shot in the torso . She was pronounced dead at the home . NEWLINE The man also was pronounced dead at the location , after having been shot in the head . Authorities did not say how old he was . NEWLINE In an unrelated shooting Monday evening , a 16-year - old boy and a 20-year - old man were shot in the 12100 block of South Wentworth Avenue in the West Pullman neighborhood about 6 p.m. , according to a police media notification . The 20-year - old suffered gunshot wounds to the chest and face and was in serious condition at Advocate Christ Medical Center , while the teen suffered wounds to an arm and a leg and had his condition stabilized at the same hospital . NEWLINE The two were outside when a several people got out of two vehicles , went up to the man and boy and fired shots , hitting them , according to police . No one was in custody . NEWLINE In other shootings : NEWLINE Just after 9 p.m. , a 19-year - old man was shot and seriously wounded in Gage Park . He was walking in the 5800 block of South Campbell when someone nearby fired multiple shots . The 19-year - old was shot in the leg and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition . NEWLINE About 3:40 p.m. in the Marquette Park neighborhood , a 20-year - old man was shot in the leg in the 2400 block of West 71st Street , according to police . Someone came up to him and shot him , then fled . The victim was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn , where he was in good condition . NEWLINE Just after 8 a.m. on the West Side , a 25-year - old man was shot in what police said was a drive - by shooting . He was struck three times , once in the left hip , another in the right to middle part of his back and he also was grazed on his right side , police said . Authorities said the shooter was a riding in a black SUV. NEWLINE No one was in custody in the shootings . NEWLINE Check back for updates . 