2017-02-13

Suspect killed in officer - involved shooting identified 

LMPD officer shot near Churchill Downs taken to hospital 
A man was killed and a Louisville Metro police officer was injured in an officer - involved shooting Saturday night . 
Advertisement Related Content Family of man shot by police angered by video 
The coroner has identified the man killed as 32-year - old William Young Jr. 
The shooting happened around 10:30 p.m. in the 1200 block of Oleanda Avenue . 
Officers were called to the location on a report of a home invasion . 
Louisville Police Chief Steve Conrad told WLKY that the officers called for back up when they arrived on scene because of reports that someone was still inside . 
He said police came across Young while in the house and that Young struck an officer . 
" As the officers went up on to the second floor , a man on the second floor , a white male , appears to be in his 20s came at one of the officers , struck that officer in the chest region , " Conrad said . 
That 's when , Conrad says , police returned fire , killing Young . 
The coroner said Young was pronounced dead at the scene and he died of multiple gunshot wounds . Young 's address is listed as city at large due to the fact that he was homeless . 
Carmon Yokeum , the ex - husband of Young 's aunt , says Young had his share of demons , but can not understand why he would attack a police officer . 
" Unless they just totally startled him is the only thing I can figure , because he 's never deliberately hit anybody that I know of , " Yokeum said . 
Police Chief Steve Conrad said the officer has an injury to his chest and a gunshot wound in the hand . 
" ( The officer ) has been transported to University Hospital where we anticipate he will either potentially have surgery or he will be treated for his injuries , " Conrad said . 
The officer 's name has not been released . 
The chief did not said what caused the officer 's chest injury . 
Louisville police said they will release the names of the officer 's involved as well as body camera footage at a press conference on Monday . 