2017-01-17
3 teens injured in SE Houston shooting , suspect search underway 
A southeast Houston community is heartbroken and appalled after the spray of gunfire that wounded three teens out celebrating a legendary civil rights leader . ( Photo : KHOU ) NEWLINE HOUSTON -- A southeast Houston community is heartbroken and appalled after the spray of gunfire that wounded three teens out celebrating a legendary civil rights leader . NEWLINE The gunfire was among a series of shootings that broke out at MLK Day celebrations across the country . NEWLINE People in Houston ’s South Park community say what happened here is just one example of what is turning their neighborhood into a “ war zone . ” NEWLINE Houston police say they have had extra eyes on this community and particularly the intersection of Martin Luther King Boulevard and Reed Road following a gang - related shooting just a few weeks ago . NEWLINE Neighbors say they have seen the patrols , but they wonder if police are only scratching the surface of festering a problem that ’s putting everyone at risk . NEWLINE Surveillance footage shows a crowd scattering an annual Martin Luther King Junior block party on MLK Boulevard , cut short by a hail of gunfire that wounded a 13-year - old and two 17-year - olds believed to be innocent bystanders . NEWLINE “ My heart was hurting . Mainly this was representing our ancestors that fought so hard for us , ” said Mandy Jones , owner of Nicey ’s Restaurant & The Rock Christian Center & Book Store . NEWLINE Jones’ businesses are both at the intersection where the bullets rang out . Inside what appears to be a bookstore is also a church . NEWLINE Jones’ husband works as a pastor here and tries to reach out to youth in this community talking about the trouble he got into during his teen years . NEWLINE “ Nowadays , our children fear nothing , ” Jones said . “ They have no respect , they have no fear . They don’t even fear the law . ” NEWLINE Another example of that , she believes , is the gang - related shooting at this very same intersection just two days into the new year . NEWLINE New HPD chief Art Acevedo made his presence visible to this South Park community during that investigation . NEWLINE “ We want the community… this particular community to know that you are important to HPD , and we’re going to be with you guys , ” said Troy Fenner , South Patrol Asst . Chief with HPD. NEWLINE After the shooting , on the day set to honor the civil rights leader who preached that “ returning violence for violence multiplies violence , ” neighbors believe the message isn’t getting through to the younger generation , and they’re hoping authorities can help . NEWLINE “ I ask all the city officials to come out . Come and observe what ’s going on in the community . You have to mix and mingle with the people , ” Jones said . “ Then and only then you will understand what ’s going on in the community . ” NEWLINE Police still have not released a motive or any suspect information in Monday night ’s gunfire . Anyone with information regarding the shooting is asked to call 713 - 521 - 4600 . NEWLINE Among the shootings at MLK celebrations across the country , in Miami , eight people were wounded and in Chicago , 39 people were shot across the city over the holiday weekend , leaving at least 10 dead . NEWLINE © 2017 KHOU - TV 