2017-03-03
Suspect in Reno Officer - Involved Shooting Arrested in Portola - KTVN Channel 2 - Reno Tahoe Sparks News , Weather , Video 
A teenager wanted in connection with an officer - involved shooting in Reno last week was arrested early Wednesday morning near Portola , California . NEWLINE Plumas County Sheriff 's Office deputies say 17-year - old Erick " Smokey " Bernal was arrested without incident after authorities conducted a traffic stop on a vehicle on Highway 70 , in Portola just before 5 a.m. Deputies say the traffic stop resulted from a surveillance operation for a wanted fugitive that started on Sunday . They say this operation involved approximately 50 officers and deputies from several agencies . NEWLINE Earlier this week , the Washoe County Sheriff 's Office identified the deceased suspect as 25-year - old Rafael Navarro - Garcia . NEWLINE At approximately 9:40 p.m. on Thursday , March 2 , 2017 , officers with the Reno Police Department initiated a traffic stop on Kietzke Lane just north of Peckham Lane . NEWLINE According to what investigators have learned , as officers made contact with the occupants of the vehicle , at least one shot was fired from the vehicle injuring a Reno Police officer . Navarro - Garcia then exited the vehicle . Authorities say shots were fired and Navarro - Garcia was injured . He was transported to a local hospital where he was declared deceased . NEWLINE Authorities say Bernal fled the scene on foot . NEWLINE The Reno Police officer injured during this incident remains hospitalized and is in stable condition , according to the Reno Police Department . NEWLINE The Washoe County Regional Officer Involved Shooting Protocol has been activated and the Sheriff ’s Office is the lead agency . Anyone with information that may assist this investigation is asked to call the Washoe County Sheriff 's Office at ( 775 ) 328 - 3320 or Secret Witness at ( 775 ) 322 - 4900 . NEWLINE Reno Police Chief Jason Soto issued the following statement : NEWLINE " We strongly condemn the violence that took place yesterday evening in our City . Our officers willingly put themselves in harm ’s way on a daily basis to protect the people of Reno . The men and women of the Reno Police Department want to thank our community for their outpouring of support . NEWLINE The Reno Police Department works diligently in our region to gain the community ’s trust . We have a community - oriented policing strategy in place that supports long - term problem solving , community empowerment and engagement and forging partnerships with other local law enforcement . NEWLINE Today , our law enforcement stands united with our community . Your Police , Our Community . ” ' NEWLINE Mayor Hillary Schieve on behalf of the Reno City Council issued the following statement : NEWLINE “ We are extremely relieved to hear that this brave Reno Police officer is stable and is expected to fully recover from this tragic incident . I want him to know that The Biggest Little City has him in our thoughts and prayers , and that we are wishing for a speedy recovery . NEWLINE I am truly saddened by what happened , and it ’s important for everyone to remember that violence is not the answer . Reno will not accept violence in our City . The brave men and women of the Reno Police Department put their lives on the line for us each and every day . We will honor their hard work and sacrifices by holding those responsible for what happened accountable to the full extent of the law . ” 