2017-01-06

Shooting incident at Fort Lauderdale Airport 

Five people are dead , six more shot , and nearly 40 injured following a mass shooting at the Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport . 
The FBI says the gunman , identified 26-year - old Esteban Santiago , got off a plane from a Delta flight from Minneapolis . In the baggage claim area at Terminal 2 , the suspect then retrieved a semi - automatic gun from his bag and began shooting , according to Sheriff Scott Israel said . 
The accused gunman was not injured , and was immediately taken into custody . He has been extensively interviewed by FBI and Broward County deputies . 
Santiago will be charged federally and should face a judge on Monday . 
FBI special agent George Piro says they have not ruled out terrorism , and looking into other states including Alaska where Santiago traveled and , or had connections to . 
Feds did confirm the gunman is in the U.S. Military and is a U.S. citizen . But could not confirm if it was the U.S. Army . 
The FBI says Esteben Santiago voluntarily walked into their office in Anchorage in November . Feds say Santiago clearly stated he did not intend to harm anyone , but his erratic behavior concerned agents . 
Local police were contacted and he was then turned over to them . Santiago was taken into custody and transported to medical facility for mental health evaluation . 
FBI looked at his contacts and into agency investigations and did their into agency checks and at that point they closed their assessment , according to Agent Piro . 
Agent Piro says they are not ruling out terrorism in Friday 's attack , and it is still too early to say why the shooter traveled to Fort Lauderdale , Florida . 
FLL has set up a hotline for people trying to reach and locate friends and relatives . The hotline number is 866 - 435 - 9355 . 
Broward County officials said Family Assistance Center has been established at the Renaissance Hotel , located at 1617 S.E. 17th St. , in Fort Lauderdale , for stranded passengers who have nowhere else to go . The telephone number of the hotel is 954 - 626 - 1700 . 
https://www.airbnb.com/disaster - response 
