2017-01-04
Facebook Argument Leads To Shooting In Allen 
Follow CBSDFW.COM : Facebook | Twitter NEWLINE ALLEN ( CBSDFW.COM ) – Police in Allen are investigating a shooting that started with an argument on social media . Four people were injured , but a total of 16 people were involved in the incident . The call for help came in late Tuesday , just before midnight , from a home located in the 500 block of Hawthorne Drive . NEWLINE The situation began with a post on Facebook about an incident that took place a few days ago in Dallas , but details about that post and that incident have not been discussed by officials . NEWLINE After the online post , a group of nine people from Dallas drove to the Allen home to confront seven people there . The situation escalated when the people inside of the home walked out with various weapons , including knives and what is believed to be an airsoft rifle . NEWLINE That display of weapons triggered gunfire from the Dallas group . Four people from the Allen home were injured , with three of the victims going to a local hospital in Allen and the other victim being taken to a hospital in Plano for treatment . According to authorities , all four of the victims are expected to survive . NEWLINE A neighbor recalled hearing between eight and 10 shots . First , I thought the neighbors were arguing , or maybe they got into it because , I don’t know , they always had seemed to have issues over there , ” stated James Ramsey . Anything can happen when shots are fired . You can ricochet or go somewhere else . ” NEWLINE “ It was like something you would see on ‘ The First 48.’ It was so scary , ” said witness Lisa Coleman , who recorded the shouting before bullets sent her looking for cover . I heard this one guy saying , ‘ You want some of this ? You want some of this ? I can get you too.’ And that ’s when you heard about eight rounds of gunshots . ” NEWLINE The nine people from Dallas have all been detained by police , and one of them has since been arrested . He has been identified as Devonte Wade . The 20-year - old man is charged with aggravated assault with a deadly weapon . More arrests are expected to be made . NEWLINE Officials have not released the names of anyone else involved in this incident , only saying that they were both men and women who are all most likely under 30 years old — some of them teenagers . NEWLINE Coleman actually knows one of the teenagers , a senior in high school . When they were putting her in the ambulance , I kind of waved at her and said it ’s going to be okay , ” she said . I was crying . She was crying , screaming from pain . ” NEWLINE Neighbors said that this rental home is a magnet for trouble . Coleman estimated that more than a dozen calls have been made to police about something happening at this property within the last five years . NEWLINE “ The good news is — if there ’s any good news — is that the people responsible for it are being detained or in custody , ” said Sgt . John Felty with the Allen Police Department . 