2017-01-06
5 Dead , 6 Wounded in Shooting at Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport 
More than 24 hours after the tragic Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood Airport shooting , we 're learning new details on suspect Esteban Santiago . ( Published Saturday , Jan. 7 , 2017 ) NEWLINE Federal prosecutors have filed charges against the Florida airport shooting suspect that could bring the death penalty if he is convicted . NEWLINE A criminal complaint filed Saturday by the Miami U.S. attorney 's office accuses 26-year - old Esteban Santiago of an act of violence at an international airport resulting in death . The punishment is execution or any prison sentence up to life . NEWLINE Prosecutors also charged Santiago with two firearms offenses . NEWLINE Authorities have confirmed the identities of the five victims killed in Friday 's shooting at Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport . NEWLINE Five Killed in Fort Lauderdale Airport Shooting NEWLINE A gunman opened fire inside a baggage claim area at Fort Lauderdale Airport , killing five people and wounding others . One of the five victims killed has been identified as 62-year - old Terry Andres . NEWLINE Andres ' daughter told NBC News that her father was shot and killed by Esteban Santiago , 26 , during the shooting . Six other people were wounded and taken to the hospital , local officials said . NEWLINE Developing Thousands of Flights Canceled as Snowstorm Pounds Northeast NEWLINE Elizabeth Oehme - Miller told The Associated Press by phone Saturday that her brother , 57-year - old Michael Oehme , was killed in Friday 's attack and that her brother 's wife , 52-year - old Kari Oehme , was shot in the shoulder and is expected to recover . NEWLINE Oehme - Miller says her brother and sister - in - law were in Fort Lauderdale getting ready for a Caribbean cruise that was supposed to start Saturday . She says they were frequent travelers who loved cruises and were happy to be headed on another one . NEWLINE Esteban Santiago NEWLINE Santiago allegedly opened fire in a baggage claim area after retrieving a handgun from his checked luggage in the airport 's second Terminal . NEWLINE " I was dodging bullets and trying to help people get out of the way , " an eyewitness , Mark Lea , told NBC News . NEWLINE He was taken into custody uninjured and was interviewed by BSO detectives and FBI agents , Broward Sheriff Scott Israel said in a Friday evening news conference , adding that Santiago is now in federal custody . No shots were fired by authorities , Israel said . NEWLINE " At this point , it looks like he acted alone , " Israel said . NEWLINE FBI spokesman George Piro said Friday Santiago will be federally charged and likely make his first court appearance Monday in Broward County . NEWLINE Meanwhile , Florida hospital officials say one of the airport shooting victims is expected to be released . NEWLINE Six gunshot victims were brought to Broward Health Medical Center after Friday 's shooting in which five others died . Officials said Saturday at a news conference with Gov. Rick Scott that one is well enough for release . NEWLINE While the motive remains under investigation , his brother and federal officials said he had been receiving psychological treatment recently . Santiago served in Iraq with the National Guard but was demoted and discharged last year for unsatisfactory performance . NEWLINE RAW : Aerial Footage of People Lined Up During Active Shooter Situation NEWLINE Chopper 6 footage shows dozens of people lined up with their hands up near the train tracks outside airport during active shooter situation at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood Int'l Aiport . In November , he walked into the FBI 's office in Anchorage and complained of hearing voices , claiming the CIA was forcing him to join ISIS , Piro said during a Friday evening news conference . NEWLINE Officials said local police were called and he voluntarily went to a mental health facility for treatment . NEWLINE Santiago took off from Anchorage to Minneapolis - St . Paul Thursday night aboard Delta Flight 1088 , checking only one piece of luggage — his gun , said Jesse Davis , police chief at the Anchorage airport . He then boarded Delta Flight 2182 to Fort Lauderdale . NEWLINE At Fort Lauderdale , " after he claimed his bag , he went into the bathroom and loaded the gun and started shooting . We do n't know why , " said Chip LaMarca , a Broward County commissioner who was briefed by investigators . NEWLINE RAW : Terminal 1 People Duck For Cover NEWLINE Raw video of people ducking for cover after a second scare at Fort Lauderdale/Hollywood Int'l Airport . The bloodshed is likely to raise questions of whether aviation safety officials need to change the rules . NEWLINE The shooting started hours of turmoil at the airport as police tried to confirm there was n't an additional shooter . More than an hour after the attack , people were seen running across the tarmac and sheltering behind cars while police had their guns drawn at a parking garage at the airport . But Sheriff Israel said the only shots fired were at Terminal 2 . NEWLINE " Someone said they heard something that sounded like gunshots , " Broward County Mayor Barbara Sharief said on MSNBC of the later police activity . NEWLINE A photo provided by a witness shows the possible suspect in the Fort Lauderdale Airport shooting in custody . NEWLINE Photo credit : Mark Lea A video posted by Chris Ritter ( @chrisritter0270 ) on Jan 6 , 2017 at 12:13pm PST NEWLINE Lea , a 53-year - old financial adviser from Minneapolis , was in the baggage claim when , he said , a man came in and started shooting . NEWLINE " At first we thought it was firecrackers , " he said . " Everyone started screaming and running . The shooter made his way down through baggage claim . He had what looked like a 9mm and emptied his entire clip . People were trying to run . " NEWLINE A photo taken by a witness shows a gun on the ground inside Fort Lauderdale Airport following the shooting . NEWLINE Photo credit : Mark Lea NEWLINE Lea said the gunman was silent as he " went up and down the carousels of the baggage claim , shooting through luggage to get at people that were hiding . '' NEWLINE When the shooter ran out of ammunition Lea said " He threw the gun down and laid spread - eagle on the ground until the officer came up to him . " NEWLINE Police officers responded less than a minute after the shooting began , Lea said . NEWLINE “ It was absolutely surreal , ” he said . “ People were scared and frantically running to avoid being shot . People were tripping over each other . They were trying to make a fast exit out of the door . ” NEWLINE " I was just running for my life because I heard the gun shots and knew there were gun shots so I had to run , " said Jackline Tantan of Margate who was in the baggage claim of terminal two when the shooter opened fire . NEWLINE he `` went up and down the carousels of the baggage claim , shooting through luggage to get at people that were hiding . '' The killer had a handgun and went through about three magazines before running out of ammunition , Lea said . NEWLINE `` He threw the gun down and laid spread - eagle on the ground until the officer came up to him , '' Lea said . NEWLINE John Schlicher , who was in the baggage claim with his wife and mother - in - law , told MSNBC the shooter " walked over and he was right in our area within feet from us shooting people . ” NEWLINE " I put my head down and prayed , " Schlicher said . NEWLINE RAW Patient Being Taken to Hospital After FTL Airport Shooting NEWLINE Raw footage of a patient being transported to hospital after active shooter situation at FTL airport . He added that his wife " was holding a sweater up against a man who was shot in the head . She was doing her best to apply pressure to his wounds . The person right next to him was already gone . " NEWLINE Former White House Press Secretary Ari Fleischer , who was traveling from the airport , tweeted about the incident that " everyone " was running . NEWLINE Florida Gov. Rick Scott traveled to Fort Lauderdale , where he held a news conference outside the airport . NEWLINE Photo credit : Google Maps , NBC NEWLINE " The citizens of Florida will not tolerate senseless acts of evil . You just ca n't imagine how this could ever happen in a state like ours , " Gov. Scott said . " My heart goes out to every family impacted , the families that lost their loved ones , and the families and the individuals that still have loved ones still in the hospital fighting for their life . " NEWLINE BSO Fire Rescue said of 30 people transported to hospitals from the airport , 29 were taken to Broward Health Medical Center and one was taken to Memorial Regional Hospital . Officials at Broward Health said they received five trauma patients at the hospital and that all were stable . NEWLINE # fortlauderdale A video posted by Gene Messina ( @gmessina121 ) on Jan 6 , 2017 at 10:43am PST NEWLINE Gov. Scott later went to Broward Health , where he said he talked to doctors and some patients . He added that he 's been in contact with President Obama and President - elect Trump , who both offered support . NEWLINE President - elect Donald Trump tweeted , " Monitoring the terrible situation in Florida . Just spoke to Governor Scott . Thoughts and prayers for all . Stay safe ! " NEWLINE RAW VIDEO : Shooting at Fort Lauderdale / Hollywood Airport NEWLINE ( Published Friday , Jan. 6 , 2017 ) NEWLINE The ATF said it is responding to the shooting to assist state and local officials . NEWLINE The airport has temporarily suspended all services . All flights within 50 miles at the time of the closure were able to land , while the rest were diverted to other airports . NEWLINE RAW : Officials Hold Press Conference on Shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport NEWLINE BSO , FBI and airport officials give update on investigation into deadly shooting at Fort Lauderdale Hollywood Int'l Airport . At Miami International Airport , officials said they added extra security following the shooting . NEWLINE " We 're feeling very lucky because were were supposed to go through Fort Lauderdale to end up in L.A. and our flight got changed while we were on the cruise , " California traveler Karen Grey said at MIA. " I 'm really nervous about all the people we met on the cruise , I hope everybody is safe . " NEWLINE Broward officials said they 've established a toll - free number for passengers and family members at 866 - 435 - 9355 . At family assistance center was set up at the Renaissance Hotel at 1617 Southeast 17th Street in Fort Lauderdale . NEWLINE Copyright Associated Press / NBC 6 South Florida 