2017-03-08
Howland murder suspect ’s attorney files motions claiming self - defense 
NEWLINE WARREN , Ohio ( WKBN ) – The suspect in the shooting that killed two and injured three others in Howland filed several defense motions , stemming from concerns his attorney has about town leaders and law enforcement . NEWLINE Nasser Hamad was arraigned in court last Thursday , where he butted heads with the prosecutor . Hamad ’s new attorney was by his side , Sandusky - based Geoffrey Oglesby . NEWLINE “ I know the family , I have represented the brother on some things , ” Oglesby said . NEWLINE Now he has filed seven motions to the court on Hamad ’s behalf . NEWLINE Oglesby said he feels the township and sheriff ’s office have been too interested in the case , mentioning how the town wants the “ Free Nasser ” sign put up in Hamad ’s yard last week taken down . NEWLINE “ We have our theory of the case and they have their theory of the case , but for the township and the sheriff to take interest in such a small gesture of free speech is extremely problematic . ” NEWLINE Oglesby stood by the comment he made after the arraignment , stating Hamad is being targeted because of his ethnicity . NEWLINE The court should not be able to get around the fact that the five people shot came to Hamad ’s home to attack him , Oglesby said . NEWLINE “ The state maintains that there was a stoppage in the action and then Nasser got his gun . Well if that ’s the case , the so - called victims should have been charged with burglary , kidnapping , and felonious assault . ” NEWLINE He said Hamad acted in self - defense according to the Castle Doctrine . NEWLINE “ It ’s a tragic incident but when you go to somebody ’s house , you assume the risk that you might get shot , ” Oglesby said . NEWLINE Some of the motions filed were general case requests he always puts in . Others were very specific to Hamad ’s case based on the community ’s reaction and what Oglesby saw in court last week . NEWLINE In one motion , he requests restraining people in law enforcement and other inmates from talking to Hamad about the pending charges and about his character and background without an attorney present . NEWLINE Hamad appears in court again on Thursday . NEWLINE 