2017-01-07

Victims Killed In Airport Shooting Were On Vacation 

Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter 
FORT LAUDERDALE ( CBSMiami ) — As several survivors fight for their life , the identities of three victims killed by a gunman who opened fire on travelers at Ft . Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport on Friday have been revealed . 
Olga Woltering , 84 , a great grandmother , flew to South Florida with her husband , Ralph , to sail on a cruise , a CBS affiliate in Atlanta reported . 
Ralph escaped unharmed as the shooting began at the Terminal 2 baggage claim . Olga was shot and killed . 
Esteban Santiago , 26 , allegedly loaded his gun inside an airport bathroom and returned to baggage opening fire . Eleven people were struck and the shooting only stopped when the gunman ran out of bullets , police said . 
Terry Andres , 62 , from Virginia Beach , was on vacation with his wife , reported The Miami Herald . He died inside the terminal . 
Michael Oehme , 57 , and his wife Kari flew in from Omaha , Nebraska , for a cruise . He was killed and his wife was injured , according to Omaha TV station WOWT. 
Steve Frappier , 37 , told The Miami Herald the laptop stuffed in his backpack stopped a bullet from hitting him in the back . 
The aftermath revealed a grisly scene as disoriented passengers tried to digest what had just happened . 
“ The casings were flying all around us , ” said a woman in shock , as one traveler walked among the carnage taking video with a cellphone . 
Behind her , victims lay in pools of their own blood . Many appeared to have been hit in the head . Their loved ones huddled over them , helpless . 
Still , others stood around the baggage claim conveyor belt , as if seeing something familiar , like their luggage , could somehow normalize the situation . 
Normalcy was something Santiago seemed to be struggling to find , himself . 
The FBI said he was evaluated for mental health issues in November 2016 , talking about things like mind control and the government forcing him to watch ISIS videos . 
His family revealed that a tour in Iraq tremendously affected him upon returning to the U.S. , specifically an incident involving a bomb exploding around two friends . 
“ Like a month ago , it was like he lost his mind , ” his aunt , Maria Luisa Ruiz , told NorthJersey.com . “ He said he saw things . ” 
Witnesses described the shooter ’s demeanor as calm as he paced up and down the baggage claim aisles without saying a word , firing a 9mm semi - automatic handgun . 
Moments later , when his two magazines were empty , he threw down his gun , surrendered peacefully and was taken into custody without police having to discharge their own weapons . 
Still in the hospital are three victims in critical condition . Three others were in good condition . 