2017-01-05
Police chief : Waxhaw officer 's 2-year - old son accidentally shoot - | WBTV Charlotte 
The son of a Waxhaw Police officer reportedly got ahold of his father 's gun and accidentally shot his mother in Union County Wednesday night . NEWLINE The shooting happened at the officer 's home along Bigham Road Wednesday night around 6:45 p.m. , Tony Underwood with the Union County Sheriff 's Office said . NEWLINE " What happened last night is a prime example - it only takes a second or two for a child to be able to gain access to a gun if it 's accessible , " Underwood said . " In this case it was on the child 's level on the floor . It 's a reminder that children are smarter sometimes than we give them credit for being . " NEWLINE Underwood said the Officer Jeremy Ferguson 's 2-year - old son reportedly got his father 's off - duty gun and fired a shot . The boy 's 30-year - old mother was shot one time in her backside . She is expected to be OK , and has since been released from the hospital . NEWLINE Investigators said the gun was inside a bag Ferguson brought in after work and placed on the floor . NEWLINE " It was zipped up and the child apparently unzipped the bag and found the handgun , " Underwood said . NEWLINE Waxhaw Police Chief Mike Eiss said Ferguson has been placed on administrative leave with pay while the department holds an internal investigation . NEWLINE State Bureau of Investigation is also investigating the case . Interviews have taken place , including talking to the 2-year - old boy . WBTV was told the investigation should not take long . Law Enforcement leaders are asking how could this have happened . NEWLINE " Through the firearms training that all law enforcement goes through , it 's extensive training , but first and foremost safety - not only handling the weapon ourselves but also storage of that weapon - we 're drilled in that , " Underwood said . " So you question , how did this child gain access to it ? Especially a 2-year - old . " NEWLINE Officer Ferguson has been with the Waxhaw Police Department for about a year . There is no word if any charges will be filed or when , or if , Ferguson will return to the force . ? NEWLINE Copyright 2017 WBTV. All rights reserved . 