2017-03-18
13-year - old in critical condition , one man killed , another injured in shootings Friday 
Baltimore police are investigating two Friday night shootings that killed one person and injured two others , including a 13-year - old boy who remained in critical condition Saturday . NEWLINE At 8:15 p.m. Friday , officers were called to the 2600 block of W. Fairmount Ave . in West Baltimore , where they found a man who had been shot in the chest lying in the middle of the street . He was taken to Maryland Shock Trauma Center , where he died a short time later . NEWLINE Police did not release his name Saturday . NEWLINE About 20 minutes later , officers were called to a double shooting at North and Rosedale avenues , where they found the 13-year - old and a 41-year - old man who had been shot . NEWLINE Both were taken to Shock Trauma , where the man was treated for a gunshot wound to the leg . NEWLINE Police said the shooter is described as a man in his late teens or early 20s , who was wearing a black puffy coat and black glasses , and carrying a black handgun . NEWLINE Police also released information Saturday about a shooting that occurred at 1:30 a.m. Wednesday , when officers responded to the 2900 block of Clifton Park Terrace in North Baltimore . NEWLINE Officers found a 32-year - old man who was suffering from a wound to the neck . He was listed in serious condition at an area hospital . NEWLINE Doctors later determined the victim " was suffering from a through - and - through gunshot wound to the neck , " police said . NEWLINE Caption Police suspect arson in early Saturday morning fire Two people died after a fire in East Baltimore early Saturday morning , and city police said they are investigating the incident for arson . ( Kim Hairston , Ulysses Munoz / Baltimore Sun ) Two people died after a fire in East Baltimore early Saturday morning , and city police said they are investigating the incident for arson . ( Kim Hairston , Ulysses Munoz / Baltimore Sun ) Caption Boxer shot just blocks from his home early Wednesday morning Crime reporter Kevin Rector talks about the death of Montell " Telly " Pridgett , a boxer who was shot dead just blocks from his Upton home early Wednesday morning . ( Ulysses Munoz / Baltimore Sun ) Crime reporter Kevin Rector talks about the death of Montell " Telly " Pridgett , a boxer who was shot dead just blocks from his Upton home early Wednesday morning . ( Ulysses Munoz / Baltimore Sun ) NEWLINE Police also announced Saturday two arrests in a killing that occurred in Lauraville last month . NEWLINE Police said Donald Symptom , 20 , was fatally shot Feb. 1 after he got into an argument with two men in the area of Harford Road and Southern Avenue . The men followed Symptom to the 4700 block of Hampnett Ave . where they shot him , police said . NEWLINE Dontaz Brandon , 18 , of the 4500 block of Hampnett Ave . turned himself in on Feb. 21 , and police arrested William Neely , 19 , of the 3400 block of Echodale Ave . in Cherry Hill on Friday . NEWLINE Both men are charged with first - degree murder and were being held at the Central Booking and Intake Center . Neither had an attorney listed in online court records . NEWLINE Anyone with information about any of the shootings is asked to call Metro Crime Stoppers at 1 - 866 - 7LOCKUP. NEWLINE jkanderson@baltsun.com NEWLINE twitter.com/janders5 