2017-03-31
MN father who shot 8-year - old son before killing himself had history of depression
David Krauss was found deceased in a home Thursday just before 4 p.m. His son , Wyatt Krauss , 8 , was also found wounded by a gunshot . NEWLINE
Both parties had been shot in the head in an attempted murder - suicide scenario , said Sgt .
Bob Stein , an investigator with the Grand Rapids Police Department .
The boy remained in critical condition Friday in a Duluth hospital , Stein added . NEWLINE
“ He’d been suffering with depression since the age of 14 , ” said Stein of the elder Krauss . NEWLINE
A 9mm handgun was found at the scene and is presumed to have been the weapon involved , Stein said .
The man had a valid permit to carry a concealed weapon and had purchased the gun on March 22 , Stein said . NEWLINE
Elementary school faculty met early Friday morning to plan a response , including having added social supports for Krauss’ fellow students , faculty and staff . NEWLINE
“
From our perspective this is an unimaginable tragedy , ” said Superintendent Bruce Thomas of Grand Rapids public schools , Independent School District 318 .
“
What we want to do is support the children in our care , the staff and provide as normal of an environment as possible .
” NEWLINE
Thomas said students had been taking advantage of social workers and counselors brought in to assist them and others coping with the news . NEWLINE
First responders arrived at a home Thursday after the man ’s mother discovered the scene and called 911 .
The mother had gone to the house to check on her son after she’d failed to reach him in several phone call attempts , Stein said .
Inside the home , authorities found a deceased David Krauss along with his son in the child ’s bedroom .
The father had been “
deceased for some time , ” Stein said , while the boy “ had labored breathing and he was moving .
”
The boy was airlifted to a Duluth hospital . NEWLINE
The mother Anna Jo Petterson , of Brainerd , has had limited , if any , contact with her son , Stein said , but was in touch with authorities on Friday . NEWLINE
Family , “ is doing as well as can be expected , ” Stein said .
“ It ’s definitely a blow to the community and school system .
” NEWLINE
The incident remained under investigation by the Grand Rapids Police Department , the Itasca County Sheriff ’s Department and the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension .
The Minnesota State Patrol assisted at the scene .