2017-03-02
Teen shot after shielding baby from bullets in west Louisville - WDRB 41 Louisville News
Police say the suspect admitted that he fired his handgun into the floor . NEWLINE
Police say the suspect admitted that he fired his handgun into the floor . NEWLINE
Police say Louisville man fired gun into neighbors ' apartment while ' under the influence ' NEWLINE Police say Louisville man fired gun into neighbors ' apartment while ' under the influence ' NEWLINE
Investigators say the suspect " kept telling police that the victim was shot by a homeless man . " NEWLINE
Investigators say the suspect " kept telling police that the victim was shot by a homeless man . " NEWLINE
Police say Louisville teen shot female victim , then convinced her to lie to authorities NEWLINE
Police say Louisville teen shot female victim , then convinced her to lie to authorities NEWLINE Police say the suspect committed the robbery on March 3 . NEWLINE
Police say the suspect committed the robbery on March 3 . NEWLINE
LMPD arrest accused Louisville bank robber who said he just wanted ' 50s and 100s ' NEWLINE LMPD arrest accused Louisville bank robber who said he just wanted ' 50s and 100s
' NEWLINE Following a rough season for the Meade County High School basketball team , they are now headed to the state ’s Sweet 16 Tournament . NEWLINE
Following a rough season for the Meade County High School basketball team , they are now headed to the state ’s Sweet 16 Tournament . NEWLINE
Police say she told the principal that she hated all white people -- and he 'd better call the bomb squad . NEWLINE
Police say she told the principal that she hated all white people -- and he 'd better call the bomb squad . NEWLINE
Humana CEO Bruce Broussard ’s total compensation nearly doubled last year to $ 19.7 million , the company disclosed in a regulatory filing Wednesday .
Broussard ’s haul came during a year in which the Louisville - based company ’s planned sale to competitor Aetna began to fall apart amid antitrust concerns . NEWLINE
Humana CEO Bruce Broussard ’s total compensation nearly doubled last year to $ 19.7 million , the company disclosed in a regulatory filing Wednesday .
Broussard ’s haul came during a year in which the Louisville - based company ’s planned sale to competitor Aetna began to fall apart amid antitrust concerns . NEWLINE
There 's a new breakthrough that 's sparking hope and it 's already saving lives . NEWLINE
There 's a new breakthrough that 's sparking hope and it 's already saving lives . NEWLINE
Louisville doctor says breakthrough treatment could wipe out cancer in a decade NEWLINE Louisville doctor says breakthrough treatment could wipe out cancer in a decade NEWLINE It 's not the first time the gas station has been a crime scene . NEWLINE
It 's not the first time the gas station has been a crime scene . NEWLINE
LOUISVILLE , Ky. ( WDRB ) -- Thursday afternoon was a chaotic one in west Louisville , but it started in the most simple of ways with a fender bender at a liquor store near 39th and Market
Streets . NEWLINE
" As I was backing out , a car was pulling in , and we collided , " said 18 year - old Maranda Dillon .
" We just sit there for about two minutes , and then nothing happened .
He did n't get out of the car , and I did n't get out of the car .
I just pulled out like everything was OK. " NEWLINE Moments later , gun shots ring out and Dillon panicked .
Her 4 month - old baby boy was sitting in the backseat . NEWLINE
" I was screaming , ' My baby .
My baby , " she told WDRB. NEWLINE A friend of a friend was also in the back and dove over the baby to protect him .
Dillon hit the gas .
She was frantic to to find safety . NEWLINE
" I was running through stop signs and everything , " Dillon said .
" I was scared out of my mind . " NEWLINE
She pulled into the Dairy Mart at 28th and Market Streets , called the police and realized her baby was fine . NEWLINE
But not everyone came out unscathed .
That friend of a friend , a teenage boy , was grazed by one of the bullets .
He is expected to be fine . NEWLINE
" I feel like it 's my fault , all because of a car , " Dillon said .
" The dude wanted to shoot somebody over a car . " NEWLINE
The suspect is still on the run , even after a two - hour search to find him Thursday afternoon . NEWLINE
The damage to Dillon 's black Ford is nothing when she thinks about the what - ifs . NEWLINE
" If it was n't for him doing that , it probably would 've been my baby , " Dillon said . NEWLINE
Security was heightened at the Academy @ Shawnee shortly after the shooting as a precaution . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 by WDRB News .
All rights reserved .