2017-03-05
Police seek public ’s help after 11-year - old shot on basketball court
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN ) –
An 11-year - old boy is recovering at Dayton Children ’s Hospital after being shot while playing basketball in Dayton . NEWLINE
It happened just before 1 p.m. Sunday in the 1600 block of Jet Avenue .
As of Sunday evening , the boy underwent surgery according to a family member .
Police are searching for the shooter . NEWLINE
Caller : “
My son was playing outside and came in the house and he ’s bleeding to death .
I think one of his friends shot him and I don’t know . ” NEWLINE
When Police arrived at the scene , they found an 11-year - old boy with a gunshot wound . NEWLINE
“
He ’s doing good , ” his uncle said .
“ He got shot in the groin and went through his hand .
Other than that , he ’s fine .
At the time of the shooting , Police say the boy was playing basketball with other kids when a man opened fire . NEWLINE
“ An adult male came up on scene with another juvenile male , pulled out a handgun and proceeded to shoot this young juvenile , ”
Dayton Police Sgt .
Creigee S. Coleman .
“ We don’t know what precipitated it .
We don’t know what lead up to this incident .
Police are interviewing the mother and others to find out who pulled the trigger . NEWLINE
Caller : “
He ’s 11 .
Y’all please hurry up .
Please . NEWLINE
Dispatch : “
Yeah .
They’re on their way right now .
I need you to stay on the phone with me .
” NEWLINE Caller : “
Okay .
Sunday ’s incident comes after a 9-year - old boy was shot in the doorway of his home on Monday night .
Sgt .
Coleman says it ’s up to the public to lead Police to who ’s responsible . NEWLINE
“ We need somebody to say something , ” Sgt .
Coleman said .
“ We need somebody to come forward and let us know .
It ’s upsetting to the Police , and I’m sure it ’s upsetting to the parents and the caregivers of these children and it ’s upsetting to the public to consistently go back and re - live these same events over and over .
If you have any information about what happened , call Crime Stoppers at ( 937 ) 222 - 7867 .