2017-03-19
7 wounded in city shootings
Seven people were wounded in shootings from Sunday to early Monday on the city 's West and Northwest side , according to Chicago police . NEWLINE
In the Avondale neighborhood on the Northwest Side , two people were shot about 12:50 a.m. Monday in the 2200 block of West Diversey Avenue , police said .
A 29-year - old man was shot in the right leg and buttocks , and a 33-year - old man was shot in the left leg .
Their conditions were stabilized at Illinois Masonic Medical Center .
Police did not release any other details about how the shooting happened . NEWLINE
About 5:30 p.m. Sunday on the West Side , a 20-year - old man was shot about 5:30 p.m. in the 300 block of North St. Louis Avenue in the East Garfield Park neighborhood , police said .
He told police he was shot when someone inside a vehicle opened fire and hit him , police said .
He was treated at Mount Sinai Hospital for gunshot wounds to the arm and leg . NEWLINE
About the same time and in the same neighborhood , three males ages 17 , 18 and 22 , were shot in the 3200 block of West Maypole Avenue , police said .
The gunman , who was in a dark - colored SUV , opened fire and hit the 17-year - old in his foot , the 18-year - old in his ankle and the 22-year - old to his leg , police said .
Police said all were listed in good condition at Mount Sinai Hospital , but Chicago Fire Department Cmdr .
Curtis Hudson put the oldest victim 's condition at serious to critical . NEWLINE
On the Northwest Side , an arrest was made after a man was shot and critically wounded Sunday morning in the Albany Park neighborhood .
Police were called to the 3600 block of West Sunnyside Avenue about 11 a.m. , where they found a 19-year - old man with a gunshot wound to the chest .
He told officers he " heard shots and felt pain , '' police said .
The man was taken in critical condition to Illinois Masonic Medical Center .
Earlier , police stated the man was 20 and was in good condition . NEWLINE
A person of interest in the Albany Park shooting was in custody pending charges , police said .
Area North detectives continue to investigate .