2017-02-01
15-year - old boy walking on sidewalk killed in drive - by shooting
MIAMI - DADE COUNTY , Fla. - A 15-year - old boy was killed in a drive - by shooting Tuesday night in northwest Miami - Dade County , police said . NEWLINE
The shooting took place at about 6:15 p.m. as Calixto Logan was walking in the area of Northwest 105th Street and Northwest Sixth Avenue . NEWLINE
Logan , who was shot several times , was taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital 's Ryder Trauma Center , where he was pronounced dead . NEWLINE
Witnesses told police that someone inside a dark - colored vehicle opened fire , striking the teen repeatedly . NEWLINE "
He was n't able to talk , " neighbor Jeanette Aviles said .
" All he did was just look at me like , ' Help me , help me , ' and we could n't really do anything .
I just talked to him and told him keep his eyes open , stay with us ( and ) do n't go .
That was about it . " NEWLINE
Witnesses told Local 10 News that Logan was walking home from the corner gas stations with his two female relatives when the shooting happened . NEWLINE
Surveillance video from the gas station shows him taking a seat , at times appearing anxious , while the women shopped . NEWLINE
He was fatally shot less than four minutes later . NEWLINE
Miami - Dade County Public Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho posted on Twitter early Wednesday , calling the killing " unacceptable cowardice . " NEWLINE
" A precious life in our community , stolen at age 15 , " Carvalho tweeted .
" Together we must refuse to allow the murders of our children to become the new normal . " NEWLINE
Logan attended Jan Mann Opportunity School in Miami Gardens , a facility run by Miami - Dade County Public Schools . NEWLINE
Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call Miami - Dade Crime Stoppers at 305 - 471-TIPS. NEWLINE A precious life in our community , stolen at age 15 .
Together we must refuse to allow the murders of our children to become the new normal .
—
Alberto M. Carvalho ( @MiamiSup ) February 1 , 2017 NEWLINE
Tragedy strikes our community again with teenager killed in drive - by shooting .
Unacceptable cowardice .
Silence is complicit .
# EnoughIsEnough —
Alberto M. Carvalho ( @MiamiSup ) February 1 , 2017 NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 by
WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved .