2017-04-03
2 children , woman shot near north Sacramento park
Two children and a woman were shot Sunday at a park in the Del Paso Heights neighborhood of Sacramento , according to police . NEWLINE
Advertisement NEWLINE An 11-year - old boy and a woman were taken to the hospital for treatment after being found at Mama Marks Park off Roanoke Avenue .
A third victim , a 6-year - old girl , showed up later at a nearby hospital and was also treated for gunshot wounds .
Police believe all three victims are related to the same shooting .
Their injuries are non - life - threatening . NEWLINE
KCRA NEWLINE
The shooting happened around 3:55 p.m. Sunday in the 1100 block of Roanoke Avenue , near Haywood Street , during a birthday party . NEWLINE
When police arrived at the scene and began treating the victims , multiple fights broke out , including one between a 15-year - old boy and a suspect who they detained for battery .
Officers broke up the fights and detained several people . NEWLINE
Police are questioning people at the scene to determine what happened .
No arrests have been made at this time . NEWLINE
No other details were released about the shooting . NEWLINE
Councilman Allen Warren of District 2 grew up in the area and stopped by to offer support for the community . NEWLINE
" This area 's been a challenging part of our community but it 's a wonderful part of our community .
We 've done a lot over the years to make it safer , but there 's still a lot of challenges .
We need to continually have positive opportunities for young people to engage in our district and keep them doing productive things , " Warren said . NEWLINE
Neighbors shared some of the same concerns . NEWLINE
" It 's frustrating .
This is not common for us , it 's scary for us , " Verma Jones said , who lives a few blocks away .
" There needs to be a lot of home training , police involving , parenting skills and there needs to be more activities available for the kids to get involved in . " NEWLINE
Stay with KCRA 3 for the latest .