2017-03-13
2 teens injured after 50 shots fired at McFerrin Park in East Nashville
NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( WKRN ) –
Two teenagers , one 16 and the other 17 , were injured Monday afternoon in a shooting at McFerrin Park in East Nashville . NEWLINE
Metro police confirm it happened at 4:20 p.m. when at least 50 shots were fired , leaving the parking lot riddled with shell casings . NEWLINE
One teenager was shot in the foot and the other in the leg .
Both were taken to a nearby hospital with non - life threatening injuries . NEWLINE
At least 20 children were inside the park ’s community center at the time of the shooting .
Luckily , none of them were injured and they were evacuated to safe places . NEWLINE
PHOTOS : Teens hurt in McFerrin Park shooting NEWLINE
“ That ’s horrifying .
That really upsets me , ”
Elizabeth Covington told News 2 . NEWLINE
She was home at the time of the shootout . NEWLINE
“
It sounded like firecrackers , like it was a lot of firecrackers like pop , pop , pop , pop , pop and then there was a brief pause and then more pop , pop , pop , pop , pop .
” NEWLINE
Several gunshots hit the community center , breaking eight panes of glass and shattering windows .
The McFerrin Community Center was closed and is expected to remain closed while repairs are made . NEWLINE
Covington describes the park a regular gathering spot for families and kids . NEWLINE “
It ’s nice .
There ’s a bunch of kids playing .
If it weren’t so cold and rainy there would have been a bunch of kids playing today .
” NEWLINE
According to Metro police , witnesses say two vehicles—a white four - door Altima or Honda and another without a description—pulled up to the community center . NEWLINE
Four to five young men wearing bandannas or masks got out of the cars and opened fire in an apparent targeted shooting toward another group of four teenagers who were standing in front of the center . NEWLINE
Two of the teens , ages 16 and 17 , were struck . NEWLINE
The 17-year - old , who was shot in the lower right leg , fled in a white Dodge Charger driven by a friend .
That car was stopped as part of the investigation after it ran a stop sign in front of officers . NEWLINE
Metro police say the driver frantically told the officer her friend had been shot .
Two officers performed first aid on the teen until the ambulance arrived . NEWLINE
Officials at the scene told News 2 a third passenger in the Charger , a 14-year - old , had a loaded , stolen handgun in his waistband .
He has since been charged in Juvenile Court with unlawful weapon possession . NEWLINE
Police say the 16-year - old , who was struck in the right foot , ran inside the center .
A handgun with blood on it was recovered outside . NEWLINE
Both gunshot victims were treated and released to their parents . NEWLINE
The victims told officers that they heard shots and ran away .
They did not provide additional information . NEWLINE
An arrest has yet to be made .
Anyone with information should call Nashville Crime Stoppers at 615 - 74-CRIME.