2017-03-06
Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year - old shooter
Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year - old shooter Teen thought he had cop - shooter in his sights NEWLINE Photo : Elizabeth Conley , Houston Chronicle Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close Image 1 of 3 Quanell X gives a press conference with the mother and family of Derrick Green on the street near where Green was shot three times by a 17-year - old last Tuesday .
X and the family are demanding that the district attorneys office file attempted murder charges .
less Quanell X gives a press conference with the mother and family of Derrick Green on the street near where Green was shot three times by a 17-year - old last Tuesday .
X and the family are demanding that the ... more Photo : Elizabeth Conley , Houston Chronicle Image 2 of 3 Ken Albrecht holds a photo of a car driven by Derrick Green before he was shot following a chase on Tuesday .
Quanell X gave a press conference with the mother and family of Green demanding that the district attorneys office file attempted murder charges .
less Ken Albrecht holds a photo of a car driven by Derrick Green before he was shot following a chase on Tuesday .
Quanell X gave a press conference with the mother and family of Green demanding that the district ...
more Photo : Elizabeth Conley , Houston Chronicle Image 3 of 3 Elaine Moore talks to the media with Quanell X about her son who was shot by a 17-year - old last Tuesday .
The family is demanding that the district attorneys office file attempted murder charges .
less Elaine Moore talks to the media with Quanell X about her son who was shot by a 17-year - old last Tuesday .
The family is demanding that the district attorneys office file attempted murder charges .
Mr. Green was ...
more Photo : Elizabeth Conley , Houston Chronicle Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year - old shooter 1 / 3 Back to Gallery NEWLINE Anthony Bentley thought he 'd come face - to - face with a burglar who shot two police officers , his lawyer said Monday . NEWLINE
But instead of helping police nab a wanted man , Bentley - a high school student in the Houston Police Department Explorers program - mistakenly shot 17-year - old Derrick Green three times . NEWLINE
Bentley , also 17 , is now facing an aggravated assault charge .
But Green 's family and activist Quanell X held a press conference Monday demanding a stiffer charge for what they see as " vigilante " justice . NEWLINE
IDENTIFIED : Young woman in satanic killing identified NEWLINE " This was an attempted murder ; he attempted to kill this young man , " Quanell said .
" We are demanding that District Attorney Kim Ogg upgrade the charges to attempted murder . " NEWLINE
The chaos unfolded Tuesday afternoon in west Houston , even as a massive police manhunt was underway just 10 miles south . NEWLINE
Bentley was at home when an officer with the Explorers program sent out an alarming message : Two officers had been shot by a burglar , and now his partner in crime was on the loose . NEWLINE
The high school student headed out to the bank , hopping in his mother 's car to deposit money . NEWLINE
" So he drives a block from his house and is almost killed by this guy going 60 or 70 mph and he hears all these sirens , " his lawyer Joe Gutheinz said . NEWLINE
GRUESOME
: Family finds human bone inside walls of new Houston home , which once belonged to long - missing woman NEWLINE
Thinking he 'd seen the wanted shooter speeding by with no police in sight , Bentley decided to follow to relay the suspect 's location to officers . NEWLINE
But just a few seconds later , the fleeing car crashed into a fire hydrant on Canoga .
The driver jumped out and started running . NEWLINE
Still sitting in his car , Bentley thought the man on the loose was a police shooter .
Instead , it was Green , whose family said he 'd done nothing more than steal a car . NEWLINE
Green never ran toward Bentley , according to Quanell . NEWLINE
" What justifies this young man shooting this young boy three times in the back ? " Quanell said . NEWLINE
But Gutheinz said the running teen turned around at one point , possibly looking for a different exit route . NEWLINE
DISTURBING : $ 1.2 million bond for man who allegedly tortured , sexually assaulted Conroe woman NEWLINE
" He 's absolutely convinced this is the guy who shot the cops , " Gutheinz said of his client .
" He 's in the wrong place at the wrong time and he 's panicking . " NEWLINE
So Bentley reached for his mother 's gun , stashed under the seat .
He fired off four shots and hit Green three times - in the leg , shoulder and back , according to the district attorney 's office . NEWLINE
Bentley stayed at the scene and offered a statement to police , his lawyer said . NEWLINE
Green was taken to the hospital but prosecutors said he had n't formally been charged with car theft as of Monday afternoon . NEWLINE "
Was he wrong for stealing the car ?
Absolutely he was wrong .
And he should be punished for that - and he will be , " Quanell said . NEWLINE
" But we can not have a society where people become vigilantes like this . " NEWLINE
The district attorney 's office did not rule out the possibility of more serious charges , although attempted murder would fall into the same sentencing range as aggravated assault . NEWLINE
" We are evaluating all facts and evidence in the case , " spokesman Dane Schiller said in a statement . NEWLINE
" It has not been presented to the grand jury .
At that time , additional charges or a different charge may be considered . " NEWLINE
Gutheinz hopes that does n't happen . NEWLINE
" He 's a really good guy , " he said .
" He 's not a vigilante or a hero .
He 's a 17-year - old kid who tried to do the right thing . " NEWLINE
But Quanell dismissed the Houston - area lawyer 's defense of his client . NEWLINE
" I did not know HPD taught cadet explorers how to use firearms and how to assist police officers when necessary with deadly force , " he said . NEWLINE
" The climate in America has grown to such a dangerous climate that you can shoot a young black male and claim any defense . NEWLINE
" Obviously , what he is saying could not be further from the truth than the devil is from god . "