2017-02-06
Super Bowl ad winners : Tide , T - Mobile
The New England Patriots defeated the Atlanta Falcons during a nailbiter Super Bowl 51 — and there were clear winners and losers off the field , too . NEWLINE
Advertisement NEWLINE Advertisers had to tread carefully this year in a divisive political climate .
Some went for all out escapist humor like T - Mobile and Tide , while others tried to take a more serious tone like the American Petroleum Institute .
With 30-second ads costing around $ 5 million , and more than 110 million people watching , it 's a huge gamble to advertise during the game even in a less politically charged atmosphere . NEWLINE
Here are the winners whose gamble paid off , and losers who struck the wrong tone . NEWLINE
WINNER : TIDE NEWLINE P&G 's Tide ad featuring announcer Terry Bradshaw seemed at first to be part of the game broadcast .
But when Bradshaw gets a stain on his shirt , he goes on an adventure featuring New England Patriot Rob Gronkowski and actor Jeffrey Tambor to try to find a clean shirt . NEWLINE
" It was just from the writing to the casting pure fun , " said Mark DiMassimo , CEO of ad agency DiMassimo Goldstein . NEWLINE
WINNER :
KIA NEWLINE Kia managed to touch on social issues without offending people by tapping Melissa McCarthy to take on causes like saving whales , ice caps and trees , each time to disastrous effect .
Kia 's 60-second third - quarter ad promotes the fuel efficiency of its 2017 Niro car . NEWLINE
WINNER : NFL NEWLINE Two NFL ads aimed to appeal to all .
The first ad , " Inside These Lines , " narrated by Forest Whitaker , showed scenes of football games and workers prepping a field .
The narration stated : " Inside these lines , we may have our differences , but recognize there is more that unites us . "
Another ad showed Super Bowl babies resembling NFL stars like Chicago Bears coach Mike Ditka and former Seattle Seahawks running back Marshawn Lynch to the tune of Chicago 's " You 're the Inspiration . " NEWLINE
WINNER : BUDWEISER NEWLINE Budweiser managed to capture the pre - game buzz with its " Born the Hard Way " spot .
The cinematic 60-second spot chronicles co - founder Adolphus Busch 's journey from Germany to St. Louis in 1857 .
He jumps off a burning steamboat and catches a glimpse of Budweiser 's iconic Clydesdales mascots before meeting fellow immigrant Eberhard Anheuser .
Some people took to Twitter to protest the immigration theme of the ad , but the ad was still one of the most watched ads ahead of the game . NEWLINE
WINNER : T - MOBILE NEWLINE
The wireless carrier made a big splash during the game by buying up 3 minutes of airtime and stuffing its ads with celebrities .
In one ad , Snoop Dogg and Martha Stewart discuss T - Mobile 's unlimted data plan with lots of innuendo about Snoop 's pot - smoking habit .
Kristen Schaal started in two other adparodies of " 50 Shades of Grey " that implied having a Verizon plan is like being punished — S&M style .
And Justin Bieber and New England Patriots ' Rob Gronkowski danced in another ad for the brand . NEWLINE
LOSER : AMERICAN PETROLEUM INSTITUTION NEWLINE An ad by a trade group sought to rebrand oil 's image , opening with the line that " This ai n't your daddy 's oil . " NEWLINE The ad showed a series of colorful ways oil is allegedly used , including in spray paint and makeup .
It said the " oil pumps life , " ' ' oil runs cleaner " and " oil explores space " — unexpected phrases for many that drew some mockery on social media . NEWLINE
The American Petroleum Institute says on its website that it represents the oil and natural gas industry , including producers , refiners , suppliers and pipeline operators .
Villanova University marketing professor Charles Taylor said its message did n't get across . NEWLINE
" They 're trying to somehow emphasize environmentalism , but I do n't think they did it in a way that most consumers would find believable , " he said . NEWLINE
LOSER :
FEBREZE NEWLINE P&G 's ad sought to take a humorous approach to saluting the well - known halftime bathroom break .
" I love you halftime bathroom break , " says actress Kathryn Hahn during the commercial .
But not everyone found the " potty humor " appealing . NEWLINE
LOSER : SNICKERS NEWLINE Snicker 's hyped up its live ad in the third quarter .
The ad , set on a Wild West set , started with actor Adam Driver talking about the 21 - 3 score to prove it was live .
But then things seem to go wrong and the set falls apart — on purpose . NEWLINE
" You ruin live Super Bowl commercials when you 're hungry , " the copy reads on screen . NEWLINE
" It went by so fast , I almost missed it , " said DiMassimo Goldstein CEO Mark DiMassimo .
" I think the audience got it ( but I 'm ) not sure it was worth the trouble of doing it live . " NEWLINE
LOSER :
WENDY 'S NEWLINE Wendy 's sought to emphasize its message of " Always fresh , never frozen " in its ad which showed a meatlocker full of frozen beef and a worker trying to thaw it with a hair dryer to the tune of Foreigner 's " Cold as Ice . "
Ad critic Barbara Lippert says the ad is unappetizing .
" All it does is leave you hearing frozen , frozen , frozen , " she noted .