2017-02-10
18-year - old arrested for bowling alley shooting - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis , Tennessee
Memphis Police Department is searching for a man they believe has information about a shooting at a bowling alley . NEWLINE
Memphis Police Department is searching for a man they believe has information about a shooting at a bowling alley . NEWLINE
An 18-year - old is in custody accused of shooting three people at a Memphis bowling alley . NEWLINE
Memphis Police Department said officers arrested Justin Johnson Friday . NEWLINE
The shooting at Billy Hardwick 's All Star Lanes happened on January 31 . NEWLINE
According to police reports , an argument erupted inside the bowling alley .
Johnson was part of the argument before he went out to his vehicle , got a rifle , and fired it through the front doors of the bowling alley just as the business was closing . NEWLINE
Moments after MPD announced the arrest , a planned rally at Billy Hardwick 's celebrated .
The group came together to support the local business , and while they were there they learned that an arrest had been made . NEWLINE
" This says to Memphis , look at our community , look at how we support each other , " Sandi McNeely said . NEWLINE
McNeely has been bowling for 50 years .
She said she 's going to keep supporting her favorite bowling alley . NEWLINE
" I got up the next morning , after they had the shooting last week , and it just came to me .
I said we need to do something to support them so people are n't scared to come here , " Sandi Rogers said . NEWLINE
Rogers said Billy Hardwick 's has been family owned for 35 years . NEWLINE
" Everyone that has contacted us has said , ' We 're not staying at home .
We 're coming , and we 're going to support , ' " Kelly Frasure , whose family owns Billy Hardwick 's , said . NEWLINE
" That 's exactly what this community is telling Memphis , " McNeely said .
" We wo n't stand for this , we wo n't stand for this violence . " NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5 .
All rights reserved .