2017-02-21
Investigators : Suspect was on scene of quadruple murder when pol - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham , AL
Investigators have confirmed that the accused killer of a Toomsuba family was on the scene of the murder Tuesday when police arrived . NEWLINE
44-year - old Karon D. McVay was videotaped speaking with deputies , asking what happened . NEWLINE
Four victims , including a 5-year - old boy , were found shot to death inside the home on Tuesday , while a 3-year - old child was found inside alive .
65-year - old Edna Durr , 27-year - old Kiearra Durr , 42-year - old Tomecca L. Pickett and 5-year - old Owen Pickett were found dead inside the home on Butts Road in Toomsuba . NEWLINE
" Somebody came out here and killed my whole family - my mama , my sisters , and my little nephew , " said Demetrius Durr , one of Edna 's sons . NEWLINE
The family says McVay was dating Tomecca Pickett , one of the victims , and had a history of domestic violence . NEWLINE
Mcvay was not the father of the 5-year - old , Tomecca Pickett 's son . NEWLINE
He is facing a capital murder charge for his death because investigators believe McVay killed the boy to keep him quiet . NEWLINE
" He had been a violent person , and being with her , you can put two and two together , " said Cortney Scott , a cousin of the victims . NEWLINE
When the family heard what had happened , they said they immediately had an idea of who the suspect would be . NEWLINE
McVay willingly came to the Sheriff 's office on Tuesday for questioning and was arrested there later that night . NEWLINE
" If I had known that the individual was that crazy or whatever , I promise you , he never would have put his first foot here , " said Demetrius Durr , Edna 's son . NEWLINE
McVay , was arrested in Meridian on Wednesday . and charged with three counts of murder , one count of capital murder and felon in possession of a firearm . NEWLINE
His bond has been set at over $ 3 million . NEWLINE
Investigators say they believe McVay acted alone , but they are encouraging anyone who knows anything or who helped McVay in any way to come forward . NEWLINE
The 3-year - old girl was found alive and uninjured in the home and was transported to the hospital as a precaution . NEWLINE
Neighbors noticed there was no activity at the home all day Monday so they called authorities on Tuesday .
A sheriff 's deputy went to the home and found a shattered screen door with a bullet hole . NEWLINE
" I 'm happy that some that they did bring some type of justice to the family , but it ai n't gonna bring my family back , you know ? " said Scott . NEWLINE
WTOK reports that during the news conference , Calhoun said , " This could accurately be described as a domestic violence situation that had been ongoing and reached a situation inside the residence on Monday evening where the violence occurred to the point of McVay shot and killed all four of the individuals inside the residence . " NEWLINE
" It 's so hard to bury a loved on , you know ? " said Scott .
" It 's hard because once they 're gone , they 're gone . " NEWLINE
Scott describes Edna Durr as a nice woman with a kind heart . NEWLINE "
The rest of them - you think of a 5-year - old child ? " added Scott .
" How can you even sleep at night ? " NEWLINE
The crime scene unit from the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation arrived late Tuesday morning to assist .
The bodies have been taken to the State Crime Lab . NEWLINE
" I 've never known anything like this to happen in Toomsuba
so it was just like , this ca n't be real , " said Sherren Smith , another cousin . NEWLINE
The Sheriff 's Department says it 's still early in the investigation , and right now they are n't sure of a motive . NEWLINE
" We were leaning more toward someone who knows the family or is known by the family , " said Ward Calhoun , the Chief Deputy for the Lauderdale County Sheriff 's Department . NEWLINE
The 3-year - old girl who was left alive is staying with her father . NEWLINE
" We just got to calm down and think about the good times we shared with one another , " said Durr . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 MSNewsNow .
All rights reserved .