2017-03-30
Two suspects charged in deadly Ohio nightclub shooting
By Kim Palmer NEWLINE CLEVELAND ( Reuters ) - Ohio police have identified two suspects in a shooting at a Cincinnati night club over the weekend in which one person was killed and 16 injured , authorities said on Thursday . NEWLINE
One of the suspects , Cornell Beckley , 27 , was arrested on Thursday and charged with murder , Cincinnati Police Chief Eliot Isaac said at a press conference . NEWLINE
A second suspect , 29-year - old Deondre Davis , who is in critical condition at University of Cincinnati Medical Center after being shot in the early Sunday incident , has also been charged with murder , said Isaac . NEWLINE
Isaac said he expects more arrests .
Officials previously said a lack of security video footage at Cameo Nightlife , despite its history of violence , hampered the probe . NEWLINE
Officials have said a fight that spun out of control led to the shooting and that there was no evidence of a " terrorist attack " such as last year 's Pulse nightclub massacre in Orlando , Florida , that killed 49 people in the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history . NEWLINE
Isaac said there could be a third shooter from the Ohio nightclub , citing a belief by police that three guns were brought into the nightclub .
Investigators have found at least 16 shell casings at the scene , he added . NEWLINE
Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley called the incident the worst mass shooting in the city ’s history and hailed the arrests . NEWLINE
Four police officers were providing security in the club ’s parking lot when the shots were fired . NEWLINE
Cameo Nightlife 's Facebook page says it features " College Friday 's " for students 18 and older and " Saturday 's 21+ grown and sexy night . " NEWLINE
Cincinnati City Manager Harry Black previously said the club had surrendered its liquor licence and would be closed until the investigation is complete .
The club , a large single - story structure , is a 7-mile ( 11 km )
drive from downtown Cincinnati . NEWLINE
( Reporting by Kim Palmer , Editing by Ben Klayman and Grant McCool )