2017-03-26
1 dead , 15 hurt in mass shooting at Cincinnati nightclub - Cincinnati News , FOX19-WXIX TV
More than one shooter hurt 15 people and killed one man inside a crowded club Sunday morning . NEWLINE
Gunfire broke out around 1:30 a.m. at Cameo Nightclub , located at 4601 Kellogg Avenue in Cincinnati 's East End . NEWLINE
The deceased man was identified as O'Bryan Spikes , 27 .
Two victims are in critical condition , seven are in stable condition and another five were treated and released from care . NEWLINE
Cincinnati Police said the shooting resulted from a dispute between several men and escalated into shots being fired inside the club . NEWLINE
Multiple shooters were involved , Chief Eliot Isaac said .
Initial reports indicated a conflicting number of shooters .
It 's not clear whether a gunman is among the 15 wounded patrons . NEWLINE
Four off - duty police officers patrol the parking lot and the club employs its own internal security .
Despite that , multiple firearms somehow made it into the building , according to Eliot . NEWLINE
Several hundred people were inside the large club .
Rescue efforts were slightly delayed due to confusion of club - goers fleeing the scene and several people were injured while trying to escape . NEWLINE
" A lot of chaos , obviously , when shots were fired .
People were just trying to get out and get out of harm 's way , " said Captain Kimberly Williams . NEWLINE
Police have received multiple witness accounts and are working to determine what is actually fact , according to Isaac . NEWLINE
" People were just going to have a good time and got shot .
That is totally unacceptable , " said Mayor John Cranley . NEWLINE
No arrests have been made and city leaders are urging the public to come forward with any information . NEWLINE
The Cameo club has a history of gun violence including a shooting inside the club on New Years Day 2015 and a shooting in the parking lot in September of the same year , according to City Manger Harry Black . NEWLINE
" Saturday night is a very young crowd .
We have had incidents here in the past , but this is the worst by far , " said Williams . NEWLINE
Multiple assaults have been reported at Cameo Nightclub from 2014 to 2016 . NEWLINE
Federal agents have been called to the scene and Ohio Gov. John Kasich offered the state 's assistance in the investigation . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 WXIX.
All rights reserved .