2017-02-23
Man claims dog shot sleeping woman
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. - The old journalism adage is that " dog bites man " is n't a story , but " man bites dog " is .
Nobody ever said anything about " dog shoots woman . " NEWLINE
According to a Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office incident report , a man told police that his dog shot his girlfriend in the leg . NEWLINE
It happened late Tuesday night at a home on Patuou Drive West in the Herlong neighborhood on the city 's Westside . NEWLINE
Police said a man and a woman were sleeping when they were woken up by the man 's dog , Diesel . NEWLINE
The man told officers that he got up to let the dog outside , and when they came back inside , Diesel walked back into the dark bedroom where the man 's girlfriend was still sleeping . NEWLINE
The man then saw a " flash and a bang " -- it 's believed that the dog jumped up on the nightstand , causing a Springfield XD40 to discharge , according to the report . NEWLINE
The 25-year - old woman was hit in the leg .
She was taken to Orange Park Medical Center with non - life - threatening injuries . NEWLINE
The woman told police that she did n't know how it happened .
She said she was sleeping and was awakened by a throbbing pain in her leg . NEWLINE
Neighbors said they were left confused by the freak accident .
Donald Hanlon has lived on Patou Drive West for 35 years , and he said Tuesday night was the most commotion that the neighborhood has ever seen . NEWLINE
" Lights , sirens , big commotion -- I just wanted to know what was going on .
I was just weirded out by the entire street being taped off and what the crime scene unit was doing , " Hanlon said .
" I was just overwhelmed by the commotion and come to find out that something like that happened . " NEWLINE
News4Jax went to the home across the street from Hanlon 's house , where the incident happened , but no one came to the door . NEWLINE
Neighbors , including Hanlon , said they feel like it was an accident . NEWLINE
" I think , either way , there was a weapon involved , " Hanlon said .
" I do n't think it was intentional , but I do n't think the dog could do it . " NEWLINE
The dog ’s owner does have a child , but the child was not at home at the time , News4Jax was told . NEWLINE
The JSO report obtained Wednesday is purely an information report .
News4Jax crime and safety analyst Gil Smith said it 's possible that officers will continue the investigation by testing the gun , for example , to see if it 's possible the dog could have fired the weapon accidentally . NEWLINE
Smith was n't surprised by the case , saying , " stranger things have happened . " NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved .