2017-01-12
' Killing For Sport ' : 4 Shot , 1 Fatally
, Possibly With Assault Rifle , Chicago Alderman Says
Four people were shot , one fatally , possibly with an assault rifle , in Chicago ’s Brighton Park neighborhood Wednesday night on the city ’s South Side , officials confirmed .
Trina Orlando reports .
( Published Wednesday , Jan. 11 , 2017 ) NEWLINE
Four people were shot , one fatally , possibly with an assault rifle , in Chicago ’s Brighton Park neighborhood Wednesday night on the city ’s South Side , officials confirmed . NEWLINE
We believe an assault rifle was used because we’ve recovered almost 30 [ bullet ] casings on 42nd and Talman , ” Ald .
Raymond Lopez , 15th , said , adding that he believed gang members were " killing for sport " in his community . NEWLINE
All four people shot were in the same vehicle near the intersection of West 42nd Street and South Talman Avenue , officials say , with the survivors being transferred to Stroger Hospital .
One was in good condition while the other three were critical .
Officials said the shooting , which happened around 6 p.m. not far from Shields Elementary School , was gang related . NEWLINE
" There 's no rhyme or reason—they’re killing for sport to say they killed that gang member or that gang member—for bragging rights of saying they killed people , ” Lopez said . NEWLINE
Lopez addressed reporters as rain pelted the black umbrella he held above himself and activist Andrew Holmes .
He said a group of gang members in a white van cornered some young men who were also “ possibly gang members ” and ambushed them . NEWLINE
I guarantee you somebody in that car knew who was shooting at them , ” Holmes said . NEWLINE
The victims drove from where they were shot to the intersection of Western and Archer avenues where the car , riddled with bullets , came to a stop , officials said . NEWLINE
This is proof positive that weapons of war like assault weapons and assault rifles with cartridges this thick do not belong in our streets , ” he said . NEWLINE
The shootings come just days after the Chicago Police Department announced its strategy to stem the tide of shootings and murders in 2017 through a multipronged policing policy and implementing new technology .
According to police , there were 762 murders , 3,550 shooting incidents and 4,331 shooting victims in 2016 . NEWLINE
Police were investigating Wednesday night and no one was in custody .