2017-01-17
Boulder police arrest suspect in accidental shooting of friend
Seve Volpone ( Boulder County Sheriff 's Office / Courtesy photo ) NEWLINE
The 23-year - old who reportedly shot his friend in the chest on accident after a night of partying has been arrested and could be facing second - degree assault charges . NEWLINE
Seve Volpone , 23 , turned himself in to police on Friday after a warrant was issued for his arrest on suspicion of second - degree assault , according to court records . NEWLINE
According to an affidavit , Volpone and his friends Kyle Hatlen , 23 , and Andrew Baron , 26 , went to the Decadence celebration in Denver on New Year 's Eve before coming back to their house in Boulder . NEWLINE
Volpone told police that he began playing with Hatlen 's 9 millimeter handgun , which Hatlen bought online , and he often left the gun out where people could handle it .
Volpone said he had handled the gun before , and always made sure to clear the weapon . NEWLINE
According to the affidavit , Volpone was " dry firing " the gun when he pointed the gun at Hatlen and it went off , shooting him in the chest . NEWLINE
" We were all chillin , then the gun went off , " Volpone told police .
Volpone said he was confident he had cleared the gun and never pulled the trigger , and told police Hatlen was his best friend and that he would never intentionally shoot him . NEWLINE
Advertisement NEWLINE Volpone and Baron were able to get Hatlen to a hospital , where he was admitted in critical condition .
Hatlen survived and has since been released , but the doctors said Hatlen " was at substantial risk of death " as a result of the gunshot . NEWLINE
Hatlen told police " the ( expletive ) idiot shot me " and said that he saw Volpone pull the trigger , but did say he believed it was an accident .
Hatlen says he never kept the gun loaded and did not know how a bullet got into the gun . NEWLINE
Police recovered the weapon at the house and found a 14-round magazine loaded in the gun along with a live round in the chamber of the gun , according to the affidavit . NEWLINE
While there was mention of drug and alcohol use and drug paraphernalia found on scene , both Hatlen and Volpone said Volpone was sober when he fired the gun . NEWLINE
Volpone is free on bond and is scheduled for a formal filing of charges on Jan. 27 .
Volpone does have a previous DUI in Boulder County . NEWLINE
Mitchell Byars : 303 - 473 - 1329 , byarsm@dailycamera.com or twitter.com/mitchellbyars