2017-03-29
Police search for gunman after 3 shot , including teen
by : Nefertiti Jaquez Updated : Mar 29 , 2017 - 4:13 AM NEWLINE ATLANTA - Investigators are searching for a gunman after a shooting left three people injured in southeast Atlanta . NEWLINE
Nearly 40 shell casings littered the pavement along Redford Drive .
Among the victims was a 14-year - old boy . NEWLINE
“ You heard that first shot , like , boom .
Then you heard boom , boom , boom , ” witness Ryan Clausell told Channel 2 ’s Nefertiti Jaquez .
I am still nervous .
I’m still nervous .
” NEWLINE
We 're learning about the conditions of the victims for Channel 2 Action News This Morning . NEWLINE
Nearly 40 shell casings littered the pavement along Redford Drive . NEWLINE
Clausell said she was terrified when she heard the gunshots erupt outside her front door . NEWLINE
He had a big gun .
One guy had a big gun .
The other guys had smaller guns , ”
Clausell said . NEWLINE
Now , investigators are looking for the man who had the big gun . NEWLINE
TRENDING STORIES : NEWLINE
Police said around 7 p.m. on Tuesday the man drove to the neighborhood and opened fire , hitting three people . NEWLINE
Witnesses told police the target was a woman in her 30s who had recently gotten into a fight with a former boyfriend . NEWLINE
When bullets started flying , some pierced a car , in which investigators say a man and the teen were sitting . NEWLINE
As a mother , how does it make you feel that a 14-year - old boy was innocently shot in all this ?
”
Jaquez asked Clausell . NEWLINE
It ’s sad , ” Clausell said . NEWLINE
Anyone with information in this case is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 404 - 577 - 8477 . NEWLINE
CONFIRMED : @Atlanta_Police are looking for @ least 2 suspects ( shooter/driver ) .
3 people shot , including a teenage boy .
More @ 11 @wsbtv .
pic.twitter.com/nlBwFbRFl1 —
Nefertiti Jáquez ( @NefertitiWSB ) March 29 , 2017 NEWLINE
# Breaking :
@Atlanta_Police : Innocent 14 year old boy injured in shooting .
He 's been rushed to hospital .
Stay with @wsbtv for more .
—
Nefertiti Jáquez ( @NefertitiWSB ) March 29 , 2017 NEWLINE Detectives on the scene of this shooting .
We will have more - as soon as we get it .
Stay with @wsbtv for the latest .
pic.twitter.com/h6O7fCTdwH —
Nefertiti Jáquez ( @NefertitiWSB ) March 29 , 2017 NEWLINE © 2017 Cox Media Group .