2017-03-14
Husband describes fatally shooting his wife as ‘ freak accident '
ORANGE -
The man who fatally shot his wife at their Orange home Monday evening expressed remorse today calling the incident a " freak accident . " NEWLINE
" I pretty much took my kid ’s mother from them and I have to live with that for the rest of my life , " said Robert Hand . NEWLINE
52 year - old Robert Hand describes 24 year - old Megan Smith as his common law wife .
He said the gun was a gift to Smith for her to protect herself while he was gone at work . NEWLINE
He said he never expected the weapon to take away the person he cared about the most . NEWLINE
" I wish it was me instead of her , I would give up my life so she could stay with my babies , " said Hand . NEWLINE
The couple has been together for 7 years .
They have two kids together , 3 year - old Rylan and 2 year - old Skyla who have no idea what happened . NEWLINE
" They ask me every day where she 's at , I do n't know what to tell them , " said Hand .
" They are so young . " NEWLINE
Hand said he did not pull the trigger on the gun .
He explains he picked up the handgun to make sure it was not loaded before they left their home .
He said the gun suddenly discharged and a bullet hit his wife in the back . NEWLINE
" She was sitting on the bed and she just fell back and I stayed with her , ” said Hand .
“ I held on to her and tried to keep her alert , I didn’t know what else to do " said Hand . NEWLINE
City of Orange Police officers responded to a home at the 500 block of Main Street at about 5:48 p.m. according to the release . NEWLINE
Police do not believe the shooting was the result of a domestic disturbance or done out of anger but may have been accidental and done without intent to harm according to Captain Robert Enmon of the Orange Police Department . NEWLINE
Captain Enmon said Smith was shot with a small caliber handgun .
He said police have spoken to several witnesses who were also inside the home at the time . NEWLINE
Guns are not toys and one should always treat a gun as if it were loaded Captain Enmon told 12News saying " never pull a trigger on something you do not want to destroy . " NEWLINE
The couple 's two and three year - old children were home at the time of the shooting but Hand said they were in a different room . NEWLINE
Hand said this is a mistake he will never forget . NEWLINE
" It was a horrible accident that took the most beautiful person I ever met in my life , " said Hand . NEWLINE
Police have not made any arrests at this time and child protective services is involved . NEWLINE
© 2017 KBMT - TV