2017-03-19
Police ID suspect in shooting of 14-year - old in Bossier City - KSLA News 12 Shreveport , Louisiana News Weather & Sports
A teen is fighting for his life after he was shot in his driveway Saturday afternoon in Bossier City .
Bossier City police officers were called to the 1200 block of Schex Dr. around 1 p.m. for a report of a shooting . NEWLINE
A teen is fighting for his life after he was shot in his driveway Saturday afternoon in Bossier City .
Bossier City police officers were called to the 1200 block of Schex Dr. around 1 p.m. for a report of a shooting . NEWLINE
A 16-year - old is being sought in connection with a shooting that sent a younger teenager to the hospital in critical condition . NEWLINE
Bossier City police have a warrant to arrest Kiemond Phillips , of Bossier City , on a charge of attempted second - degree murder , city spokesman Mark Natale said . NEWLINE
Phillips , who stands 5'3 " tall and weighs about 183 pounds , is suspected of shooting a 14-year - old in the chest about 1 p.m. Saturday while the victim was sitting in a Mercury Grand Marquis in the driveway at his home in the 1200 block of Schex Drive in Bossier City . NEWLINE
" I was right over there , " neighbor Bob Benefield said .
" Just took the garbage out , and I heard the shot and I saw a white car going that way . NEWLINE "
But I did n't think nothing of it .
I thought it was a firecracker or something down there , you know .
So I just came on in . " NEWLINE
The 14-year - old , whose name authorities are withhold because of his age , remains in critical but stable condition at at University Health in Shreveport , Natale said . NEWLINE
" I 've just been praying for him and hoping that everything turns out okay , " said neighbor Sonia Duffield . NEWLINE
She thinks the teen who was shot is the same one who helped her with her yard when she moved in only a few months ago . NEWLINE
He was a very sweet little boy .
My heart just goes out to them . " NEWLINE
Authorities ask anyone with any information about him or the shooting to contact Bossier Crime Stoppers by calling ( 318 ) 424 - 4100 or submitting a tip on the organization 's website , bossiercrimestoppers.org . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 KSLA.
All rights reserved .