2017-03-13
Burien teen accidentally shot and killed by childhood friend
Donovan Spann , 18 , was killed when a gun being handled by a 17-year - old he’d known since first grade discharged at close range .
The suspect was booked into the King County Youth Services Center . NEWLINE
A Burien high - school senior was remembered Monday as a bright light to his classmates and family after his accidental shooting death Friday by a good friend . NEWLINE
Donovan Spann , 18 , was killed when a gun being handled by a 17-year - old he’d known since first grade discharged at close range .
The suspect was booked into the King County Youth Services Center for investigation of first - degree manslaughter . NEWLINE “
Donovan was a delight .
Just by walking into a room , he could light it up , ” said Vicki Fisher , principal of Highline High School .
She said Spann was finishing his last five credits at a district alternative high school , New Starts , and was on track to graduate in June . NEWLINE
Memorial Service A remembrance will be held in the gym of Highline High School for Donovan Spann at 1 p.m. Saturday , March 18 .
Donations are being accepted for the service at BECU Account # 3605718870 . NEWLINE
Crisis counselors were made available at three district high schools Monday — Highline , Evergreen and New Start . NEWLINE
King County sheriff ’s deputies responded to reports of a shooting a little after 5 p.m. Friday in the 10200 block of 23rd Court Southwest in the White Center area . NEWLINE
A few days earlier , the resident of the home asked the 17-year - old suspect to house­sit .
The homeowner said he had been burglarized recently and gave the suspect a gun , according to the sheriff ’s office . NEWLINE
The suspect invited Spann over and said they were playing Russian roulette when the suspect fired in the direction of Spann , hitting him in the stomach , according to the sheriff ’s office .
The suspect quickly called 911 , but medics were unable to revive him . NEWLINE
Spann ’s family said the suspect is a longtime family friend , a youth who has been in and out of foster care and whom Spann ’s mother took into their home for a time in 2014 and treated as part of the family . NEWLINE
Spann
’s older sister , Neenah West , said the family doubts the suspect ’s account that the young men were playing Russian roulette . NEWLINE
“ I know my brother .
I helped raise my brother .
He would not be playing Russian roulette , ” she said . NEWLINE
She also said the suspect would never purposefully hurt her brother . NEWLINE
“ We feel no anger toward him .
We love him ; we pray for him .
He ’s having a hard time , ” she said . NEWLINE
She said the family did not know whose home the young men were at , or why the homeowner would have left a gun . NEWLINE
West said her brother had “ the brightest smile and the biggest heart .
Everyone will tell you he had a lot of light and power in his smile .
”
She said he loved basketball and played for both Highline and Evergreen high schools . NEWLINE
He recently had landed a new job at Penney ’s in the men ’s apparel and shoe department and was planning to move into his first apartment this weekend . NEWLINE
“
He was just establishing his independent life , ” she said . NEWLINE
She said Spann was devoted to his seven nieces and nephews . NEWLINE
“
He was the cool uncle , the fun uncle .
He was their hero , ” she said .