2017-01-01
Police : 15-Year - Old Boy Kills 16-Year - Old Girl , Wounds Her Mother in Maryland Home
A 16-year - old girl was shot and killed inside her home in Ellicott City , Maryland , early New Year 's Day after a 15-year - old boy shot the girl 's mother , the girl and then himself , police said . NEWLINE
Charlotte Zaremba was shot inside her own bedroom on the 4800 block of Knoll Glen Road , Howard County police said .
The shooter also fired at her mother , Suzanne Zaremba . NEWLINE
Police said in an update Sunday afternoon that it is unclear if the suspect had any connection to the victims .
His motive is unknown . NEWLINE
According to the preliminary investigation , Suzanne Zaremba , heard a scuffle in her daughter 's bedroom about 2 a.m. Sunday .
She entered and saw the teen boy . NEWLINE
The boy fired at the 52-year - old mother and then at her teen daughter . NEWLINE
Then , he shot himself in the head , police said . NEWLINE
Charlotte Zaremba was taken to Howard County General Hospital , where she was pronounced dead .
Suzanne Zaremba was taken to the University of Maryland Shock Trauma Center .
She was treated for a non - life - threatening gunshot wound and released . NEWLINE
The suspect also was taken to Shock Trauma , where he is in critical condition with a life - threatening injury . NEWLINE
Police said Sunday afternoon that they have confirmed the identity of the suspect but " his name can not be released . " NEWLINE
Charlotte Zaremba was sweet and strong - minded , her self - defense instructor , Brian Kushner , told WBAL TV in Baltimore . NEWLINE
" She was a great person , " he said . NEWLINE
Authorities said there is no indication anyone else was involved in the shooting , which occurred in a residential neighborhood about 25 miles northeast of Washington , D.C. NEWLINE
A family member of the Zarembas was home at the time of the shooting but was not hurt , police said . NEWLINE
A bouquet of flowers laid at the base of the family 's mailbox Sunday afternoon . NEWLINE
The investigation is ongoing .
Anyone with information for police is asked to call 410 - 212-STOP or send an email to HCPDcrimetips@howardcountymd.gov . NEWLINE
Stay with News4 for more details on this developing story .