2017-03-06
Father charged in connection with shooting of 1-year - old girl ar - Cincinnati News , FOX19-WXIX TV
The father who was charged in connection with the accidental shooting of a toddler Monday morning has been arrested . NEWLINE
Cortez Reed , 27 , was charged after his one - year - old daughter was hit with a bullet inside a home in the 4200 block of Fehr Road just before 10:30 a.m. NEWLINE Reed was arrested in the 3900 block Harding Avenue in Cheviot around 5:30 p.m. He was arrested without incident by Cincinnati police officers and members of the ATF Task Force . NEWLINE
Cortez Reed has been arrested .
Thank you to all the community members who assisted in the arrest with tips to CrimeStoppers .
pic.twitter.com/aA7SwsOYYI —
Cincinnati Police ( @CincyPD ) March 6 , 2017 NEWLINE
After the shooting , Reed attempted to dispose of the gun by hiding it in a box and placing it in the woods where " it could have been found and used by anyone , " according to an affidavit filed in Hamilton County . NEWLINE
He is charged with endangering children , obstructing official business and tampering with evidence . NEWLINE
Reed is the suspected shooter , a Cincinnati Police spokesperson said Monday morning .
Court documents do not charge Reed with firing the weapon at his daughter , but allege he owned the handgun used in the shooting . NEWLINE
Reed 's sister said her brother went to her apartment while she was at work .
She said when she got home
she found him crying and breaking down .
She said her brother told her he did n't shoot his daughter . NEWLINE
He claims he and his wife woke up at their West Price Hill home , heard a gun shot , and saw Armani lying hurt on the floor .
His sister went on to say Reed thinks one of the other children in the house may have shot the 17-month - old , and that this was a tragic accident . NEWLINE
Cincinnati police also called the shooting " accidental . " NEWLINE
The child was shot in the torso , police said .
She is in critical , but stable condition after undergoing surgery at Cincinnati Children 's Hospital . NEWLINE
According to Hamilton County Juvenile court officials , Hamilton County Jobs and Family Services was granted interim custody for the victim and five siblings , following an emergency telephone hearing .
Officials said five of the children are Reed 's . NEWLINE
A full hearing is set for Tuesday . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 WXIX.
All rights reserved .