2017-02-07
Huguenot HS student recovering after taking 7 bullets while prot - NBC12 - WWBT - Richmond , VA News On Your Side
An honor roll senior and beloved Huguenot High School football player , Eli Johnson , is now recovering from bullet wounds to his leg , chest , stomach , and shoulder .
Eli , 17 , was protecting an elderly woman ’s life , getting shot seven times during the violent break - in . NEWLINE
" He 's recovered extremely fast despite seven shots , ” said Harry Johnson , Eli ’s father .
"
Overall , he 's doing extremely well .
He 's up walking .
He 's talking . " NEWLINE
Johnson ’s family says he intervened when two masked men broke into his girlfriend ’s Graystone Place apartment in South Richmond , where he was staying .
Harry Johnson says the suspects held a gun to the head of the girlfriend ’s grandmother . NEWLINE
The suspects demanded information from the women , in her 70s , on the whereabouts of a relative who would occasionally stay in the apartment . NEWLINE
Eli didn’t hesitate to protect those close to him , according to his father . NEWLINE
" He came out of the back room and jumped into action .
If he was n't there at the time , I do n't think she 'd be alive right now . " NEWLINE
Harry says Eli attempted to fight off one of the suspects , getting shot by the other man repeatedly .
Eli underwent surgery and is already able to walk with assistance .
However , his recovery is still a long road .
His father says , thankfully , most of the wounds didn’t pierce the bone . NEWLINE
Many of Eli ’s friends and teammates continue to visit him at the hospital . NEWLINE
" His classmates , his teammates , his coaches… They 've been sending things .
They 've been very supportive , " said Harry . NEWLINE
Eli hopes to join the military after graduating high school , in the footsteps of his father , who served 13 years in the Army .
However , now Eli is faced with a tumultuous recovery and medical bills .
His family has set up a donation fund to help with hospital costs . NEWLINE
So far , Richmond police have not made any arrests in this case .
Anyone who has information is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 804 - 780 - 1000 . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 WWBT NBC12 .
All rights reserved NEWLINE Report an Error or Submit a Tip to NBC12