2017-02-26
1 killed , 4 injured when shots fired at rap video shoot
JACKSONVILLE , Fla. - A man was killed and four other people injured early Saturday afternoon when shots were fired as rap musicians were beginning to record a music video near the intersection where Moncrief Road , Myrtle Avenue and West 26th Street meet , according to the Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office . NEWLINE
Police said ane person was found dead about 1 p.m. in front of Holley 's Bar - B - Q. Family has identified the man as Kyree Corley , 22 .
Two others were taken to UF Health Jacksonville by rescue personnel and two more by personal vehicles .
Police said three of those injured had minor injuries , but one was taken into surgery . NEWLINE
Police did not know how many shots were fired , how many shooters were involved , the type of weapon used or even if the gunfire came from someone at the event or driving by . NEWLINE
A man told News4Jax his brother was dropped off to watch the video being made .
He then got a phone call to say he was dead . NEWLINE
" I heard screaming and people was running once I got out of the store , " said one man who did not want to be identified . NEWLINE
Police blocked off about a four - block scene as a crime scene , much of which remains closed to traffic through late Saturday night . NEWLINE
About 30 people gathered at the time and many of those were shooting video on their phones , police said .
Homicide investigators are asking people to provide those videos to police to help them find out who did the shooting . NEWLINE
Police did not know the names of the rap artists involved , or if anyone was targeted . NEWLINE
News4Jax learned that a music video shoot featuring Boosie Badazz and Baby Soulja was scheduled to take place in the area at the time of the shooting . NEWLINE
Boosie was also scheduled to perform Saturday night at Pure Nightclub .
News4Jax was asked to leave the property .
Management said the concert was to go on despite the shooting earlier in the day . NEWLINE
Police ask anyone with information or a video shot at the scene to contact the JSO at 904 - 630 - 0500 or CrimeStoppers at 866 - 845-TIPS. NEWLINE Copyright 2017 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved .