2017-01-07
Fort Lauderdale shooting victims had minds on family vacations
Four of the helpless victims gunned down by a madman inside a Florida airport were headed to joyous family getaways that will now give way to family funerals . NEWLINE
Relatives and friends of those killed offered memories of the victims and details about the tragedy , providing a mournful mosaic of what happened Friday afternoon . NEWLINE
Three of those killed were vacationing with their spouse when the gunshots rang out near the luggage carousel in Terminal 2 inside Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport . NEWLINE
Steve and Shirley Timmons traveled from Senecaville , Ohio , to Fort Lauderdale just three weeks shy of their 51st wedding anniversary .
The pair planned to meet with relatives for a family cruise leaving from Florida . NEWLINE
Five dead , 8 wounded after shooting at Fort Lauderdale Airport NEWLINE
But Shirley Timmons was instead fatally gunned down by crazed shooter Esteban Santiago , while her husband remained in a coma Saturday after taking a bullet to the face , according to their grandson . NEWLINE
Shooting victim Kari Oehme remains hospitalized for a gunshot wound to her shoulder .
( Taimy Alvarez /South Florida Sun - Sentinel via AP ) NEWLINE
Steve and Shirley raised an amazing family , three amazing girls , ” a family spokesman told AVC News in Ohio .
Their family was everything to them .
Terry Andres , 62 , a radiological control technician at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard in Virginia , was looking forward to a 16-day cruise with his wife Ann . NEWLINE
The Virginia Beach native texted his oldest daughter to let her know they landed safely Friday in Fort Lauderdale , as was his habit when traveling for business . NEWLINE
Fla. gunman suspect Esteban Santiago said CIA was controlling him NEWLINE The shooting started as they went to retrieve their luggage . NEWLINE
Terry Andres , shown with his wife of 40 years , was shot to death at Fort Lauderdale International Airport Friday .
Ryan Kim , Andres’ 37-year - old daughter , told the Palm Beach Post that her mother escaped unharmed .
But when she finally got mom on the phone , Kim learned her father was among the dead . NEWLINE
I said , ‘ Put dad on the phone .
Put dad on the phone,’ ” Kim said .
She said , ‘
I can’t.’ ” NEWLINE
Kim asked why . NEWLINE
Traveler ’s laptop saves his life at Florida airport shooting NEWLINE “
She said , ‘
Because he ’s been shot.’ ” NEWLINE
Kim said that as soon as she heard about the shooting she held out hope that her parents had already exited the terminal . NEWLINE
“ I know that everyone always says that people are the greatest in the world , but he was the greatest person you could know , ”
Kim said .
He never had a horrible word to say about anyone or anything .
Andres was an avid golfer and tennis player .
He was also a volunteer on a support truck to assist firefighters with the Oceana Volunteer Fire Department in Virginia Beach , his daughter said . NEWLINE
Michael Oehme and his wife Kari were also about to collect their bags before heading off Saturday on a Caribbean cruise . NEWLINE
Five people were killed and at least six wounded in the gunfire .
( Joe Raedle/Getty Images ) NEWLINE
The couple , from Council Bluffs , Iowa , took yearly cruises and were excited about continuing the tradition , said Oehme ’s sister said . NEWLINE
“ They were supposed to leave today , ”
Elizabeth Oehme - Miller , 52 , told the Associated Press .
They were happy to be going on another trip .
Oehme , 57 , was a land surveyor and owned his own business , Boundaryline Surveys , his sister said . NEWLINE
Kari Oehme remains hospitalized with injuries from a gunshot wound to the shoulder and was expected to recover .
A family member was flying to Fort Lauderdale to help her return home , her sister - in - law said . NEWLINE
Olga Woltering , pictured with husband Ralph and their grandchildren , was shot to death inside the airport .
Witness Mark Lea told Omaha ABC affiliate KETV he ran to help Kari Oehme moments after the shooting . NEWLINE
“ I saw that she had a through - and - through on the right shoulder ...
And she said , ‘ Where ’s my husband ?
Where ’s my husband?’ and I asked her to describe him and she described him and I looked right over there and saw a white - haired guy in a blue shirt that he had on ... and he was not moving , not breathing , ” Lea said . NEWLINE
The fourth victim , Olga Woltering , 84 , was preparing for a cruise with husband Ralph to celebrate his 90th birthday , according to members of the Transfiguration Catholic Church . NEWLINE
The couple joined the church in 1978 and sat regularly sat in the front pews for the weekly 5 p.m. Mass , according to their pastor . NEWLINE
Shirley Timmons ( l. ) was killed in the attack , and husband Steve Timmons ( r. ) remains in a coma after being shot in the face three weeks before the couple 's 51st wedding anniversary .
They are pictured here with their granddaughter , Kelli Nicole Reineccius .
( Facebook ) NEWLINE “ Olga was one of the most joyful , loving , caring and committed people I have ever met , ” said the Rev. Fernando Molina - Restrepo .
This is a horrible tragedy for everyone here at Transfiguration , especially because Olga was so loved .
Woltering ’s family put out a statement Saturday morning asking for privacy in their time of grief , calling Olga “ the cornerstone of our family . ” NEWLINE
“ While she ’s absent in our lives now , she remains in our hearts , thoughts , and memories for ever , ” they wrote .
Her bright smile and loving manner will be missed by all who had the fortune to know her .
Several parishioners took to social media to mourn Woltering ’s death . NEWLINE
Michael Oehme of Council Bluffs , Iowa , was killed in the mass shooting , and his wife Kari Oehme was shot in the shoulder .
Tragedy hit too close to home today .
Transfiguration Church lost a very loving and caring woman in the Ft .
Lauderdale airport attack , ” Jerry de Varennes wrote on Facebook , posting a photo of the couple on a couch , smiling and bouncing babies on their laps . NEWLINE
Three of the wounded remained in intensive care Saturday , said Florida Gov. Rick Scott . NEWLINE
With News Wire Services