2017-02-23
17-year - old Maumee student dies after West Toledo shooting
Published : Thursday , 2/23/2017 - Updated : 2 weeks ago NEWLINE 17-year - old Maumee student dies after West Toledo shooting Police also investigating report of South Toledo shooting NEWLINE A 17-year - old Maumee High School student was fatally shot and another teenager injured during a shooting into their vehicle in West Toledo . NEWLINE
Collin Doyle was treated at the scene Wednesday night and transported to ProMedica Toledo Hospital , where he died several hours later , Toledo police said . NEWLINE
A second victim , Armand Batey,16 , also was transported to the hospital and is expected to survive , according to police . NEWLINE
RELATED CONTENT : Blade 2017
Homicide Report NEWLINE RELATED ARTICLES : Toledo police investigate two Wednesday shootings | Man arrested for misconduct at fatal crash scene in South Toledo NEWLINE
There were two other people in the same vehicle , but Toledo police Lt .
Joe Heffernan said he could not comment as to whether they were juveniles .
The teenagers who were shot were in the back of the vehicle . NEWLINE
Police were dispatched to a report of shots fired about 8:14 p.m. in the area of Hillcrest Avenue and Willys Parkway .
Both teens were found at Hazelhurst and Sylvania avenues , but the crime scene was located at Hazelhurst and Hillcrest avenues , according to a police report . NEWLINE
Lieutenant Heffernan said the car that included both shooting victims and the two others appeared to meet a vehicle with two unidentified males , and one of them started firing into the victims’ car .
One of the males fired at least two rounds into the back of the vehicle that the Doyle youth was riding in , Lieutenant Heffernan said . NEWLINE
One round went through the trunk , striking the Doyle youth , while the other struck the 16-year - old , Lieutenant Heffernan said . NEWLINE
A team of school counselors , mental health counselors , and area clergy are assembled at Maumee High School and will continue to be available during the coming days , according to Nancy Sayre of the Maumee City School District . NEWLINE
Maumee High School also will have counselors available from 6 to 8 p.m. in the high school library for students , staff , and members of the community .
Entry to the library will be through Door 1 at the front of the school building . NEWLINE
The Doyle youth ’s death is the ninth homicide in the city and metro Toledo this year . NEWLINE
RELATED ARTICLE : Cethus Manning II , 19 , shot , killed in his vehicle early Tuesday NEWLINE Anyone with information should call Crime Stoppers at 419 - 255 - 1111 .