2017-01-15
Young mother from St. Peters killed in Kansas City triple homici - KMOV.com
ST. CHARLES COUNTY , Mo. ( KMOV.com ) –
A young mother from St. Peters was killed in a triple homicide in Kansas City on Thursday night . NEWLINE
According to police , three men entered the Trails at the Ridge apartment complex and shot five people inside .
Three people were killed , including 20-year - old Ali Brown .
Brown ’s two year old son Karson was seriously injured along with another adult . NEWLINE
Brown is the daughter of former St. Peters mayor Shawn Brown .
She was living in Kansas City with her son . NEWLINE
They both just had those brilliant blue eyes and those long eye lashes , ” said Carissa Figgins .
Figgins is the executive director of Sparrow ’s Nest in St. Charles , a home for pregnant teenagers .
Brown lived at Sparrow ’s Nest and became like family to Figgins .
For this to happen , it ’s just unreal , ” said Figgins . NEWLINE
Brown ’s brother Trent Brown who also lives in Kansas City said they have heard very little from police . NEWLINE
Investigators released a vague description of the suspects on Saturday , but no further information on the quintuple shooting . NEWLINE
It ’s terrible that she ’s gone , it hurts , ” said Brown over the phone .
He is heading to St. Louis for his sister ’s funeral . NEWLINE
Brown said his nephew Karson is miraculously expected to survive after being shot five times in the incident . NEWLINE “
He ’s going to be in the hospital for a great deal of time , a lot of things to recover from , ” said Figgins . NEWLINE
Figgins said Karson was Ali ’s whole world . NEWLINE
Any teaching moment we gave her she just took it in and tried to be the best mom that she could for Karson , ” said Figgins .
She was very vivacious , very energetic , very happy and trying to make everyone happy around her .
” NEWLINE
Both Figgins and Brown ’s family said they will do everything they can to help the two - year - old get through this tragic time . NEWLINE “
As a community , whether it ’s in St. Charles or Kansas City we can’t allow Karson ’s life to be a tragedy , for all the love , for all the attention that Ali poured into her son , we can’t let his life be for naught . ” NEWLINE
The family has set up a GoFundMe page to help with funeral expenses and future needs for Karson . NEWLINE
Copyright 2016 KMOV ( Meredith Corporation ) .
All rights reserved .