2017-01-18
West Texas strip club bathroom shooting leads police to wanted man
West Texas strip club bathroom shooting leads police to wanted man NEWLINE Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Juan Trevino , 23 , accidentally shot himself in a strip club bathroom in Odessa on Jan. 14 , 2017 .
He was subsequently arrested on outstanding warrants .
Juan Trevino , 23 , accidentally shot himself in a strip club bathroom in Odessa on Jan. 14 , 2017 .
He was subsequently arrested on outstanding warrants .
West Texas strip club bathroom shooting leads police to wanted man 1 / 1 Back to Gallery NEWLINE A man in West Texas was arrested on outstanding warrants last weekend after he shot himself in a strip club bathroom then fabricated a story , according to the Ector County Sheriff ’s Office . NEWLINE
Juan Trevino , 23 , initially told authorities that he had been shot in the thigh while in the parking lot of the Jaguar ’s Golden Club in Odessa on Saturday .
He initially gave investigators a fake name , according to a news release . NEWLINE
Records : 51 arrested on felony drunken driving charges in December 2016 NEWLINE Authorities later learned that the man had shot himself in the bathroom of the strip club , fabricating the story regarding the parking lot shooting , the news release said . NEWLINE
Trevino was taken to an area hospital for treatment and later arrested on two warrants out of the Rio Grande Valley following his discharge . NEWLINE
Ferrari destroyed when alleged drunk driver goes airborne , flips down 40-foot Austin ravine NEWLINE Those warrants were for a motion to revoke probation out of Hidalgo County and burglary of a vehicle out of Cameron County . NEWLINE
Trevino remained in custody of the Ector County Law Enforcement Center as of Wednesday . NEWLINE
Police : El Paso man charged with drunken driving was going 50 mph over speed limit , had drugs NEWLINE Text " Breaking " to 48421 for breaking news alerts from mySA.com NEWLINE twhite@mysa.com NEWLINE
Twitter : @tylerlwhite