2017-02-05
Wal - Mart customer who fatally shot alleged diaper thief also hit second suspect , cops say
The customer who shot and killed a suspected diaper thief outside a Wal - Mart Saturday also hit a second suspect when he opened fire , the Orange County Sheriff ’s Office said . NEWLINE
The incident unfolded at the Clarcona Ocoee Road store in Pine Hills about 8 a.m. when three people tried stealing diapers and other items , Sheriff ’s Office Capt .
Angelo Nieves said . NEWLINE
As the trio were loading the items in their vehicle , a Wal - Mart employee tried to stop them , Nieves said . NEWLINE
Accused diaper bandit shot at Pine Hills Wal - Mart
A customer shot a man stealing diapers from a Wal - Mart on Clarcona Ocoee Road after the suspect reached for something the customer thought was a weapon .
A customer shot a man stealing diapers from a Wal - Mart on Clarcona Ocoee Road after the suspect reached for something the customer thought was a weapon .
See more videos NEWLINE
Then a customer came out of the store and tried to help the employee but a “ commotion ” led to the customer , who hasn’t been identified , feeling “ threatened , ”
Nieves said . NEWLINE
He told deputies he saw one of the suspects reach for something so he pulled out a gun and opened fire . NEWLINE
Initially , deputies thought the customer only shot one man , who has now been identified as Arthur Adams , 19 . NEWLINE
An Orange County Sheriff 's Office deputy checks security footage from a neighboring business .
Caitlin Doornbos/Orlando Sentinel An Orange County Sheriff 's Office deputy checks security footage from a neighboring business .
An Orange County Sheriff 's Office deputy checks security footage from a neighboring business .
( Caitlin Doornbos/Orlando Sentinel ) NEWLINE
Nieves said investigators learned a second suspect , a juvenile girl , was sitting in the vehicle when the customer opened fire . NEWLINE
She was hit in the leg and fled after the incident .
She went to the hospital hours after the incident , Nieves said . NEWLINE
A third suspect also fled after the shooting and is still outstanding , Nieves said . NEWLINE
Surveillance footage captured the suspect leaving the Wal - Mart wearing a blue striped shirt .
Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800 - 423 - 8477 . NEWLINE
chayes@orlandosentinel.com , 407 - 420 - 5493 or
Twitter : @journo_christal