2017-03-24
3 Dead , 1 Critical in Possible
Domestic Murder - Suicide in Waldorf
LA PLATA , Md. NEWLINE or ( 301 ) 609 - 6515 .
Tipsters wishing to remain anonymous may contact Crime Solvers by calling 1 - 866 - 411-TIPS , texting CHARLES + the tip to CRIMES ( 274637 ) or submitting tips online at www.tipsubmit.com/webtipsstart.aspx .
A $ 1,000 cash reward is being offered for the tip that leads to an arrest in this case .
The victims ' identities will be released once next of kin have been notified . NEWLINE
Charles County Sheriff 's detectives have released additional information relating to the domestic - related quadruple shooting that occurred on March 23 .
At 8:07 p.m. , officers responded to 3305 Westdale Court in Waldorf for multiple calls for the sound of gunshots and a shooting .
When officers arrived , they found a woman , 36 , outside with multiple gunshot wounds .
They received information that the shooter –
the woman 's husband – was inside along with their two children .
Officers made a quick , tactical entry and immediately found , of that address , deceased on the living room floor ; a gun was beside him and he had an apparent self - inflicted gunshot wound .
Officers continued searching the house and located the couple 's daughter , , in an upstairs bedroom ; she was deceased .
Another daughter , , was located in the upstairs bathroom suffering from several gunshot wounds .
She was flown to a hospital where she later died .
Their mother was flown to a hospital with serious injuries .
The initial investigation revealed Goodwin shot his wife and daughters and then turned the gun on himself .
Investigators are working to establish a motive , but at this time it is unclear what prompted the shootings .
Det .
J. Elliott is investigating.(March 24 , 2017)—On Thursday , March 23 at 8:17 p.m. , officers responded to the 3300 block of Westdale Court , Waldorf , for the report of multiple shots fired .
Upon entering the residence , officers located an adult male who was deceased .
As officers further searched the townhome , they located a young female child who was also deceased , and two additional females , one who appeared to be a teenager and one adult , suffering from gunshot wounds .
Both the teenage and adult females were flown out to an area hospital in critical condition .
The juvenile female was pronounced deceased late last night ; she was 17-years - old .
Her name , as well as the other victim and suspect 's name will be released when all next of kin have been notified .
Officers also located a gun near the deceased man .
This appears to be a domestic - related incident .
The investigation is ongoing .
Anyone with information is asked to call Det .
J. Elliott at ( 301 ) 932 - 2222