2017-03-28
Police : Fatal shooting started as a robbery
DAYTON , Ohio ( WDTN )
–
Dayton Police met with reporters Wednesday to discuss the shooting death of a Dayton teen . NEWLINE
Police said the shooting that killed 14-year - old James Banks Tuesday night started out as a robbery .
According to investigators , eight spent shell casings were found at the scene .
They say Banks was shot six times . NEWLINE
Police also said Wednesday the suspect , 21-year - old Jalyn Simmons has no criminal record and they could only find a record of one traffic ticket . NEWLINE
Detectives are not looking for anyone else in this case . NEWLINE
If you missed the news conference live you can watch it here : NEWLINE The Montgomery County Coroner ’s Office said Wednesday the 14-year - old victim is James Banks .
The Coroner told 2 NEWS an autopsy is being performed Wednesday . NEWLINE
Banks died at Miami Valley Hospital shortly after 10:00 p.m. Tuesday night . NEWLINE 2 NEWS has learned Banks was an 8th grade student at Wogaman Middle School in Dayton . NEWLINE
Police arrested Jalyn Simmons , 21 at his home in the 500 block of North Williams Street Wednesday morning . 2 NEWS was there when he was taken to jail . NEWLINE 2 NEWS App users click here to watch NEWLINE
He was taken to the Dayton Police Department Safety Building for questioning early Wednesday . NEWLINE
Police are still investigating after a teen is shot on Tuesday night . NEWLINE
Officers were called to the 3000 block of Wexford Place around 7:30 Tuesday night on a report of a shooting . NEWLINE
When they arrived they found a 14-year - old boy lying on the ground between two buildings with a gunshot wound . NEWLINE
Police say he was taken to Miami Valley Hospital with life - threatening injuries where he later died . NEWLINE
Dayton Public Schools released a statement Wednesday following the news . NEWLINE
“
Dayton Public Schools extends its sincere condolences to the family of James Banks , Jr. James was an eighth - grader at Wogaman Middle School .
I reached out to his family on behalf of the district , and spoke with his grandmother to share our sorrow .
When violence in the community claims one of our students , it strengthens our diligence to keep students and staff safe and secure at school .
Dayton schools are on spring break this week , so no children are in class , but counselors or support staff are always available to assist any student .
We urge anyone with information about the incident , to call the Dayton Police Department .
” NEWLINE 2 NEWS spoke with family members of Banks .
They say they want the violence to stop . NEWLINE
2 NEWS App users click here to watch NEWLINE Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news , weather and sports .
To get alerts for breaking news , grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android .
You can also sign up for email alerts here . NEWLINE
Don’t miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news