2017-03-08
6 wounded in Chicago shootings , including 2 teens shot in Logan Square
Two teens wounded in separate Chicago shootings a block apart in Logan Square were among six people shot from Wednesday afternoon into early Thursday . NEWLINE
About 12:30 a.m. Thursday , police found a 17-year - old boy in a Northwest Side alley in the 2400 block of West Moffat Street .
He had been shot in the head and the arm .
He was taken to Advocate Illinois Masonic Medical Center in critical condition .
He was being uncooperative with investigators , as were witnesses , police said , so the circumstances of the shooting were unknown . NEWLINE
Officers taped off the alley along with two vehicles parked on Campbell Avenue , just north of the Bloomingdale Trail . NEWLINE
At a nearby small grocery store , Jorge Valdovinos stayed inside the business after hearing five or six gunshots .
He later looked outside and saw officers swarming the neighborhood . NEWLINE
His family has owned the store for about 40 years .
He said the shootings were unusual for the area . NEWLINE
" Before ( the neighborhood ) was ugly , but it 's more quiet now , " he said in Spanish . NEWLINE
Less than nine hours earlier and a block away , a 16-year - old boy was shot in the leg .
That attack occurred about 3:45 p.m. Wednesday in the 2500 block of West Cortland Street , and he was taken to Stroger Hospital in good condition . NEWLINE
Other shootings : NEWLINE About 4:45 a.m. Thursday on the Far North Side , a 29-year - old man was shot in West Rogers Park .
He told investigators he was standing outside his apartment in the 2200 block of West Rosemont Avenue when males approached and fired at him .
He was shot in the abdomen and taken in good condition to St. Francis Hospital in Evanston . NEWLINE
Shooting scene Peter Nickeas Rifle casings at the scene of a shooting in the 1300 block of West 48th Street .
Rifle casings at the scene of a shooting in the 1300 block of West 48th Street .
( Peter Nickeas )
( Peter Nickeas ) NEWLINE
About 11:15 p.m. Wednesday on the Southwest Side , a 25-year - old man was shot in the Garfield Ridge neighborhood .
He was on the sidewalk in the 6700 block of West Archer Avenue when someone in a passing car fired a shot , police said .
The man on the sidewalk was shot in the leg and went to Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood .
His condition was stabilized . NEWLINE
About 7:10 p.m. on the South Side , an 18-year - old man was shot in the shoulder while he was in the 4400 block of South Marshfield Avenue in the Back of the Yards neighborhood , police said .
He took himself to Stroger Hospital , where he was listed in good condition .
Police did not release any further information about how the shooting happened . NEWLINE
About 6:55 p.m. in the Back of the Yards neighborhood , a 35-year - old man was shot in the face in the 1300 block of West 48th Street , according to police .
The man was taken to Stroger Hospital , where he was in good condition .
An attacker in a blue SUV fired multiple rounds at the man , hitting him .
The shooting was committed with a rifle and appears to be one of about three dozen rifle shootings in the surrounding area since last March .
At the scene Wednesday night , police crime scene tape surrounded at least 15 shell casings from the shooting . NEWLINE
No one was in custody , and police were investigating . NEWLINE
The Tribune 's Peter Nickeas and Liam Ford contributed .