2017-02-25
Teenager shot to death after young girl sneaks him in house
Related Coverage Columbia County father shoots teen after mistaking him for intruder NEWLINE EVANS , Ga. ( WJBF ) –
A teenager was shot to death in Columbia County last night . NEWLINE
Law enforcement was called to a house in reference to a burglary . NEWLINE
NewsChannel 6 learned this high school student was no burglar , but a friend of the homeowner ’s daughter . NEWLINE
Here ’s what we know so far : Early Saturday morning , 17-year - old Jordan Middleton went to a home on Coventry Avenue in Grovetown , and a 14-year - old girl snuck him in . NEWLINE
This situation turned bad when the girl ’s dad heard noises downstairs . NEWLINE
The community is mourning for both families today .
Many people in the community say it feels like just yesterday when they were teens , sneaking out to meet up with friends… NEWLINE Coach Kevin Kenny of Evans High says Jordan Middleton played basketball there for two years before transferring to Grovetown High…
He mentions Middelton ’s contagious smile countless times . NEWLINE
“ I heard about it this morning , and it ’s a terrible tragedy for both families .
My heart goes out to both of them .
He was just a great kid .
Very likable , always had a smile on his face , ” Kenny said . NEWLINE
How does a late night hang out turn into a death ?
This community has several unanswered questions . NEWLINE
It was 2:47 a.m. Saturday when deputies arrived at the home . NEWLINE
According to a news release from the Columbia County Sheriffs Office , Derrick Fulton says he heard noise downstairs , got his handgun from a dresser , then went downstairs . NEWLINE
The family dog ’s barking led the homeowner to the guest bedroom . NEWLINE
Fulton called out that he was armed and the intruder needed to identify themselves . NEWLINE
When Middleton didn’t say anything , the dog kept barking and acting aggressively toward the guest bedroom..
Once again , the homeowner yelled a warning . NEWLINE
As he entered the bedroom , Middleton ran out of the guest bedroom closet , and that ’s when Fulton shot Middleton in the chest . NEWLINE
Deputies arrived on the scene to find the 17-year - old dead in the foyer . NEWLINE
“ You know , anytime you lose a young life like that and have that situation , it ’s shocking , it really is , ”
Kenny said . NEWLINE
No charges have been filed at this time . NEWLINE
NewsChannel 6 will continue to keep you updated on this situation .