2017-04-02
Young child shot in Roxbury
Boston Police Commissioner William B. Evans ( center ) said that the boy ’s father believed himself to be the target .
It ’s sad when these feuds are carried out , ”
Evans said . NEWLINE
A young boy was shot in the lower back outside 12 - 14 Copeland St. in Roxbury about 9:30 p.m. Sunday , but he is expected to survive , officials said . NEWLINE
Boston Police Commissioner William B. Evans said at a late - night press conference that the child ’s father believed himself to be the target .
The boy , who is about 5 or 6 , was leaving the house with his family when he was shot .
The child was taken to Boston Medical Center . NEWLINE
Advertisement NEWLINE Evans said the child was conscious and talking , and that doctors anticipate the boy will survive . NEWLINE “
He ’s in stable condition , ”
Evans said .
He ’s alert and awake , and he ’s going to be fine .
” NEWLINE Two people between the ages of about 18 and 20 were observed leaving the scene , he said .
Police said they were looking for two men in a silver vehicle who had fired multiple shots from the intersection of Warren and Copeland streets . NEWLINE
Get Fast Forward in your inbox : Forget yesterday 's news .
Get what you need today in this early - morning email .
Sign Up Thank you for signing up !
Sign up for more newsletters here NEWLINE “
It ’s sad when these feuds are carried out , ”
Evans said .
This is the reason why we need as many restrictions as we can , because the guns are getting in the wrong hands . . . .
If people aren’t outraged by this , I don’t know what gets you upset .
” NEWLINE
Police Superintendent in Chief William G. Gross said he was thankful to activists , parents , and others who helped tend to the child and get him to the hospital , and that now it is time for community members with information about the shooting to come forward . NEWLINE
Advertisement NEWLINE “
This should not be tolerated , ” he said .
And when we ask someone to step up and help us out , that ’s what we should do . ” NEWLINE
Mayor Martin J. Walsh , who also spoke at the news conference , called the shooting “ a cowardly act . ” NEWLINE “
It ’s bothersome to me as the mayor of the city , but just as a citizen of the city , that a 5-year - old little boy who should be home in bed right now and getting ready for school tomorrow is at the hospital and potentially faces surgery , ”
Walsh said .
“ Again , my heart goes out to the little boy and his family .
” NEWLINE
Bill Brett for
The Boston Globe Investigators searched for evidence at the shooting scene . NEWLINE
At the scene Sunday night , the blue lights of police cruisers flashed along Copeland Street , and a large section near the intersection with Warren Street was blocked by yellow police tape . NEWLINE
Shortly before 10 p.m. , uniformed and plainclothes officers were visible at multiple points along the block , some walking slowly down Copeland Street and shining flashlights on the pavement . NEWLINE
Several small , yellow police evidence markers were visible along the street and the sidewalk on its north side . NEWLINE
Monica Cannon , who lives across Warren Street , said she had been home earlier and had heard what sounded like seven or eight gunshots .
Cannon , the founder of a community group called Violence in Boston , said she had not seen any activity and did not know the family of the child who was wounded . NEWLINE
It ’s not really , really late , so people are still traveling with their families and stuff .
Anybody can get hurt , ” she said .