2017-04-01
Man arrested after Tampa shooting leaves 1 person dead , several others injured
TAMPA , Fla. ( WFLA )
– One person was killed and several others were injured in a shooting early Saturday morning on South Howard Avenue . NEWLINE
Now police have arrested Gary Omar Rivera Montanez , 22 in connection to the crime .
He faces one count of first degree murder and four counts of attempted first degree murder . NEWLINE
The deceased victim has been identified as Mike Franck , 34 .
Heaven Mayo , 24 , Justin King , 24 , Donald Jocelin , 25 and Tobiasz Cudnik , 32 were all transported to the hospital with non - life - threatening injuries . NEWLINE
Police are calling it a drive - by shooting , and say it was the result of an earlier dispute .
It happened in a parking lot on the north side of the Palace Lounge on Howard Avenue . NEWLINE
According to witnesses , Montanez frequented the Palace Hookah Lounge , where he aggressively flirted with several female patrons .
When one of the victims became uncomfortable with his flirting , she asked Schneider Simplice , a former bouncer for help .
Simplice , along with the on - duty bouncer , Khaled Ghoneim , asked Montanez to leave . NEWLINE
When he left , he was heard to say “
Don’t
try me like this .
I’ve got a gun , ” and that he would be back . NEWLINE
At approximately 4:35 a.m. he returned and fired several shots into the crowd around the lounge and in the parking lot . NEWLINE
One bullet struck Franck in the chest and he died at the scene .
Police don’t believe the victim was involved in the earlier altercation . NEWLINE
Montanez fled the scene , traveling north on Howard and was located at 4:42 a.m. at N Armenia Avenue and Dr. NEWLINE Martin Luther King Blvd . NEWLINE
The TPD officer pulled him over and noticed a handgun and shell casings , which matched the description from the scene , were in plain sight and witnesses later identified Montanez as the shooter . NEWLINE
Montanez later confessed to firing into the crowd , but claims he did so in self - defense . NEWLINE
I’m just thanking God at this point cause it could’ve been worse .
Bullets flying everywhere .
I could’ve gotten hit in the head .
Somebody else could’ve gotten hit in the head ..
But somebody did die , ” said Donald Jocelin , one of the victims who was hit by a stray bullet . NEWLINE
Right here .
I had a bullet into here and come out here .
You can’t see in now because I’ve got gauze but….
It ’s kind of bleeding pretty bad right now but that ’s where it happened , ” Jocelin told WFLA ’s Chip Osowski . NEWLINE
Especially since I saw everything happen from beginning to end , it bothers me .
Gun violence and seeing how senseless that was .
Innocent victim died last night and he didn’t have to .
And a young man is now in prison for who knows how long . ” NEWLINE
News Channel 8 is closely tracking this developing story and will bring you updates they become available . NEWLINE
WHAT OTHERS ARE CLICKING ON- NEWLINE
> > MORE TOP STORIES