2017-02-25
Gunman opens fire on car after crash , kills 8-year - old
EMBED >More News Videos Toyia Thomas talks to ABC13 about the moment she realized her daughter had been hit by gunfire after a car crash . NEWLINE
8 yo girl killed by gunfire off the Beltway in SW Houston .
Her mother is making a plea that the killer come forward @abc13houston pic.twitter.com/rSVdIlaVRW — Marla Carter ( @MarlaABC13 ) February 25 , 2017 NEWLINE EMBED >More News Videos Homicide detectives have confirmed that an 8-year - old was shot to death after surviving a car crash early Saturday morning . NEWLINE
An 8-year - old girl was shot to death after surviving a car crash early Saturday morning .
The crash and subsequent shooting took place on West Fuqua St. near Sam Houston Parkway .
Officers say two cars were headed south on West Fuqua when they crashed into a black Honda Accord going east along the Beltway feeder road .
Soon after , officers believe someone in one of the two cars that were headed southbound started firing gunshots."At some point somebody from one of the two other vehicles on Fuqua got out , shot up the other vehicle , striking a young , eight - year - old girl in the backseat .
She later died from her injuries at the hospital , " said Detective David Stark with the Houston Police Department .
One of the bullets hit an 8-year - old DeMaree Adkins .
She died at the hospital .
The child was traveling with her mother , Latoyia Thomas , and police believe they were just bystanders .
Officers are looking for the drivers of those two cars .
One of the cars , a white Pontiac , remained at the scene but the driver took off .
The driver of the other car drove off .
Their car is described as a dark sedan , possibly a Toyota , possibly with front - end damage .
Thomas said the third car came up after the initial crash."I looked over and thought she was trying to help , "
Thomas said .
" She pulled a gun out of the window and she started shooting .
Each one of those bullets hit the back of my car where my baby was.""I pulled her out of the car , I did n't even know she had been hit .
I thought she was still asleep.""I laid her on the ground and when I looked at her jacket , I saw a blood stain .
I pulled her shirt up , and she got shot
- the bullet went in the right and came out the left side."The 8-year - old 's family has begun a GoFundMe account for donations .