2017-03-26
Latest on Cameo nightclub shooting : Total hit up to 17 , no security footage provided
CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING $ 1.7 million bond for suspect in Cameo ' gun battle ' | 3:21
One of two men charged in the shootout inside the crowded Cameo nightclub that wounded 16 people and killed one has denied firing any shots or even having a gun that night .
Cornell Beckley , 27 , appeared for an arraignment Friday .
The Enquirer/Carrie Cochran 1 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Arrests made in Cameo shooting | 3:20
Cincinnati police chief Eliot Isaac and Mayor John Cranley announce the arrests of two men charged with murder in connection with the Cameo nightclub shooting .
The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar
The Enquirer/Kareem Elgazzar 2 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING 911 calls from the Cameo nightclub shootings |
1:32 Multiple 911 calls were made to dispatchers to report the shootings at Cameo nightclub .
This is a compilation of those calls .
3 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Prayer vigil for the victims of the Cameo night club shooting | 0:58 Mourners pray for O'Bryan Spikes and the 16 injured following the shooting at the Cameo nightclub .
The Enquirer/Cara Owsley
The Enquirer/Cara Owsley 4 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Sorting Cameo chaos , firefighter ' has job to do '
| 6:33 Veteran Cincinnati firefighter Marc Monahan was nearly done with his second 24-hour shift in a row when dispatch called him early Sunday to report six to 10 people had been shot at 4601 Kellogg Avenue .
Carrie Cochran 5 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING CPD chief on Cameo shooting , ' The investigation is progressing ' | 1:48 Cincinnati Police Chief Eliot Isaac , spoke Monday morning at City Hall on the continuing investigation on the shootings at Cameo night club after 17 were injured and one killed .
The Enquirer/Cara Owsley
The Enquirer/Cara Owsley 6 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Update and Q&A with Enquirer reporter Sharon Coolidge on Cameo shooting | 11:59 Monday morning update on the mass shooting at the nightclub .
The Enquirer 7 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING
What we know about the Cameo nightclub shootings | 1:01 16 shot , 1 killed at Cameo nightclub in Cincinnati ; suspects still at - large 8 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Enquirer reporter Sharon Coolidge talks to FOP president Dan Hils about Cameo nightclub shooting | 11:03 Enquirer reporter Sharon Coolidge talks to FOP president Dan Hils about the Cameo nightclub shooting .
The Enquirer 9 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Police chief identifies man killed in Cincinnati nightclub shooting | 20:10
The deceased victim has been identified as O'Bryan Spikes , 27 .
The Enquirer 10 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Enquirer reporter Cameron Knight discusses the latest updates in the Cincinnati nightclub shooting | 18:11 One person is dead and at least 15 more were injured in a shooting early Sunday morning at Cameo nightclub .
The Enquirer 11 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Cameo nightclub shooting : What you need to know | 0:37 Location of the Cameo nightclub in Cincinnati where one person was killed and at least 15 more injured in an early - morning shooting .
The Enquirer/Michael Nyerges
12 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING Update from the scene of a shooting at Cameo nightclub in Linwood | 19:39 One person is dead and at least 14 more were injured in a shooting early Sunday morning at Cameo nightclub in Linwood .
This report was filed via Facebook Live around 8:30 a.m. Sunday morning .
The Enquirer 13 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING
A witness describes the shooting at Cameo nightclub in Cincinnati | 0:53 Mauricio Thompson , of Cleveland , talks about being inside the Cameo nightclub , in Cincinnati , when shots erupted into the crowd .
14 of 15 CLOSE Skip in Skip
x Embed x Share CAMEO NIGHTCLUB SHOOTING
How bad was the Cameo shooting ? |
0:43 The 16 people hurt or killed at the nightclub was the biggest total of victims among the 10 mass shootings in the Cincinnati region since 2013 .
Mark Wert 15 of 15 Last VideoNext Video $ 1.7 million bond for suspect in Cameo ' gun battle ' NEWLINE Arrests made in Cameo shooting NEWLINE 911 calls from the Cameo nightclub shootings NEWLINE Prayer vigil for the victims of the Cameo night club shooting NEWLINE Sorting Cameo chaos , firefighter ' has job to do ' NEWLINE
CPD chief on Cameo shooting , ' The investigation is progressing ' NEWLINE Update and Q&A with Enquirer reporter Sharon Coolidge on Cameo shooting NEWLINE What we know about the Cameo nightclub shootings NEWLINE
Enquirer reporter Sharon Coolidge talks to FOP president Dan Hils about Cameo nightclub shooting NEWLINE Police chief identifies man killed in Cincinnati nightclub shooting NEWLINE Enquirer reporter Cameron Knight discusses the latest updates in the Cincinnati nightclub shooting NEWLINE Cameo nightclub shooting : What you need to know NEWLINE Update from the scene of a shooting at Cameo nightclub in Linwood NEWLINE A witness describes the shooting at Cameo nightclub in Cincinnati NEWLINE How bad was the Cameo shooting ? NEWLINE
Buy Photo
A large crime scene unit at the Cameo Night Club on Kellogg Ave .
in Linwood , next to the Rivertown Marina .
The overnight shooting at the club , which was packed according to police , left one dead and 14 injured .
Police called the scene " chaotic and complicated " .
( Photo : Liz Dufour , The Enquirer/ Liz Dufour)Buy Photo NEWLINE For the latest information , click or tap here . NEWLINE
On the go ?
Click or tap here for a summary of what we know . NEWLINE
How does a Level I trauma center respond to a mass shooting ? NEWLINE
Pastor of Cameo shooting victims calls for an end to the violence . NEWLINE
Tap or click here for a guide on mass shooting terminology . NEWLINE
Update , 10:42 a.m. Monday : Cincinnati Police Chief Eliot Isaac , while providing an update Monday morning at City Hall , said that an additional individual came forward Sunday evening claiming to have been struck by gunfire at Cameo nightclub , bringing the total injured by gunfire to 17 . NEWLINE
" We are very confident we will find who is responsible for this , " Isaac said . NEWLINE
Isaac added during the morning Law Committee meeting at City Hall that he does not believe there is footage of the shooting from within the nightclub . NEWLINE
Previous reporting :
As clubgoers danced away a Saturday night , armed men apparently hoping to settle a daylong score opened fire inside East End ’s Cameo nightclub in the bloodiest mass shooting in the nation so far this year .
Though first responders performed rescue medicine , one man died of his injuries and 15 others were injured from gunshot wounds . NEWLINE
The violence at 1:30 a.m. triggered a sweeping panic inside the packed club while patrons raced to flee .
Once on the scene to triage victims , police and firefighters had to step over wounded bodies to determine which patients needed the most immediate care , Dan Hils , president of the Cincinnati Fraternal Order of Police , said . NEWLINE
Through the day and into the evening , investigators scoured the city for the people responsible for the shootings .
The Rev. Peterson Mingo of Evanston ’s Christ Temple Church said he and other leaders of the African - American community have heard from citizens who “ have been giving us names and we’re sending them to the police , and they say they’re cooperating .
At a news conference 10 hours after the shooting Mayor John Cranley and Police Chief Eliot Isaac said authorities were searching for more than one shooter , and they urged anyone with information on what Cranley called “ this heinous crime ” to contact police . NEWLINE
People were just going to have a good time , and they got shot .
That is totally unacceptable , ” Cranley said .
City Manager Harry Black issued a statement saying the shooting was the culmination of a squabble “ between two specific groups or individuals earlier in the day , escalating and ultimately leading to this tragedy .
Sunday afternoon , the space around the sprawling Cameo club was quiet ; by then , the doors were locked and the crime scene tape already coiled in messy piles .
Several personal items had been left behind -- a lone tennis shoe , a nice pair of flip - flops , mobile phones .
A contrast to the location 's reputation as an active dance club that had been patronized previously by national hip - hop acts . NEWLINE
Isaac identified the dead man as O’Bryan Raphael Spikes , 27 , of Winton Hills .
He did not provide any further information about Spikes except that his family had been notified . NEWLINE
O'Bryan Raphael Spikes ( Photo :
Provided ) NEWLINE
Cameo had paid for four off - duty police officers to patrol the parking lot , and they were the first to respond to the shooting , Hils , the FOP president , said . NEWLINE
“ They saw a lot of the patrons running out in an absolute panic , ” Hils said .
They were literally stepping over victims to get to more critically injured victims .
So you’re talking about a very horrific scene there .
They tried everything they could to save the one gentleman ’s life .
They performed CPR , the police officer did , but to no avail .
On Monday morning , two people remained in critical condition at the University of Cincinnati Medical Center . NEWLINE
Seven more people were treated at UCMC for injuries .
Four have been released , and three others are in stable condition , said spokeswoman Kelly Martin . NEWLINE
Two other gunshot victims were treated at Bethesda North Hospital , one at Mercy Health - Anderson Hospital and two at the Christ Hospital .
Officials at facilities said those patients had been released by noon Sunday . NEWLINE
Cranley flatly ruled out any connection to international terrorism , “
But to the victims , what difference does it make ?
They have been terrorized by gun violence , and they are innocent victims .
…
This is a tragedy that has struck other communities , and now it has struck Cincinnati .
The Cameo nightclub incident is the nation ’s worst mass shooting , for total number of victims , so far this year , according to Gunviolencearchive.org .
The nation has had 71 mass shootings this year , the website reports . NEWLINE
Cincinnati has experienced at least nine shootings of more than four victims in Cincinnati since 2013 , the most recent before Sunday 's on Feb. 28 when six people were shot at a Northside apartment building . NEWLINE
The worst mass shooting in recent city history was Aug. 21 , 2015 , when two people were killed and five injured at the Elks club in Madisonville .
One person died and seven were injured in a July 2016 shooting at a Hamilton bar . NEWLINE
At the news conference , Isaac said the nightclub had also hired private security to use hand - held metal detectors to check for guns .
But at least one patron said that by 12:30 a.m. , the “ wanding ” for weapons had ended . NEWLINE
Sherell Johnson , a Cincinnati native now living in Chicago , came home for a spring break weekend with family .
She said she and her sister decided to go to Cameo with their boyfriends around 12:30 a.m. Sunday . NEWLINE
By then , Johnson said , the line to get into the club was long , and a security officer at the door “
wasn’t patting them down ( for weapons ) .
He was just accepting the money , telling people this is the no - wait line , they were paying $ 40 to $ 60 to get in that line .
” NEWLINE While in line , Angel Cruz , Johnson 's boyfriend , said he “ had a bad feeling ” and went back to their rental car .
Johnson followed .
The couple discovered the car was boxed in by another vehicle .
Johnson went to the club ’s door to get some help .
At around 1:30 a.m. , one off - duty police officer went inside the club to get help for the couple , “ and that ’s when the shooting started . ” NEWLINE
Immediately , Johnson said she dropped to the ground , and Cruz lay on top of her until the tide of fleeing people ebbed .
They got back to their car , which was now unblocked . NEWLINE
We left Chicago to get away from all that , ”
Cruz said . NEWLINE
Isaac said first responders had difficulty getting to the club because patrons who had filled the parking lot were trying to leave the scene quickly .
Sgt .
Eric Franz said several victims tried to drive themselves to a hospital .
At least two cars were abandoned on Kellogg Avenue when drivers decided they needed paramedics to complete the trip to the hospital . NEWLINE
In his statement about the daylong dispute that apparently led to the shooting , City Manager Black also pointed out that the nightclub has a history of gun violence , including a shooting inside on Jan. 1 , 2015 , and a parking - lot shooting in September 2015 . NEWLINE
The owner of the club , Julian Rodgers , issued a statement on the shooting Sunday evening . NEWLINE
" On behalf of the Cameo Nightclub family and staff , I want to express how deeply saddened we are by this senseless shooting , " Rodgers said .
" Our goal is and has always been to provide a safe environment for our patrons . " NEWLINE
Rodgers said the club would remain closed while authorities investigate and offered his condolences for the victims . NEWLINE
" We will do everything in our power to cooperate and make sure the monsters that did this are caught and brought to justice , " the statement said . NEWLINE
At the Sunday news conference , Isaac said body cameras are not yet being used when police officers work off - duty . NEWLINE
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms has been working with the local officials in the investigation , Cranley and Isaac said .
Cranley also said that in a morning phone call , Gov. John Kasich had offered state resources to solve the crime . NEWLINE
One man inside the club described a " big brawl " before at least 20 shots were fired . "
It was a big gun because you heard it over the music , " said Mauricio Thompson , who said he 's from Cleveland .
" Everybody 's running .
Everybody scattered to get out of the club . " NEWLINE
Cincinnati mayoral candidate Rob Richardson said on Twitter : " This shooting hits close to home .
I have younger family members who have attended this Cameo on a regular basis .
Republican Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio said in a statement : " While we are still learning the details surrounding this horrific tragedy , we thank our first responders for acting quickly and providing critical care for those at the scene .
Jane and I extend our thoughts and prayers to the victims and their families .
My office stands ready to help them and our law enforcement authorities in any way we can . " NEWLINE
Enquirer reporters James Pilcher , Sharon Coolidge , Scott Wartman and Jason Williams contributed . NEWLINE
View video of the aftermath of the shooting here . NEWLINE
Read or Share this story : http://cin.ci/2mDygpf