2017-03-07
Seven people shot in 72 hours in Buffalo
Related Coverage Community leaders react to spike in violence in Buffalo NEWLINE BUFFALO , N.Y. ( WIVB ) –
Buffalo Police have a full plate of ongoing investigations as the city deals with a spike in violence . NEWLINE
Seven people have been shot in four separate incidents over the last three days . NEWLINE
Now , some people who live near the shooting scenes are on edge .
“ It ’s crazy around here .
I don’t know .
It ’s even kids getting shot today , so guns should be banned , to be honest , ” said Damali Gbaraba , as she waited for a bus near the intersection of Genesee Street and Eller Avenue Tuesday . NEWLINE
“ I don’t know what ’s going on ! ” exclaimed Consuelo Walker , who was also waiting for the bus in that area . NEWLINE
Three young men were struck by bullets near the Genesee and Eller intersection early Monday afternoon in an apparent drive by shooting . NEWLINE
MORE | See our earlier coverage of Monday afternoon ’s shooting here . NEWLINE
Less than 12 hours later , police were called to Best Street near Michigan Avenue for another shooting .
Two teenage boys were shot around 11:30 p.m.
Both are expected to recover . NEWLINE
MORE | See our earlier coverage from Monday night ’s shooting here . NEWLINE
Monday ’s shootings followed a deadly weekend in Buffalo .
A 24-year - old man was killed early Saturday morning near Mills and Peterson Streets . NEWLINE
MORE | See our earlier coverage of Saturday ’s deadly shooting here . NEWLINE
32-year - old Kennedy Gadley , of Buffalo , died at ECMC after a shooting early Sunday morning in the area of Broadway and Lathrop .
That shooting happened near a Buffalo Police camera . NEWLINE
MORE | See our earlier coverage of Sunday ’s fatal shooting here . NEWLINE
I just think it ’s terrible how the neighborhood has deteriorated over the years , ” said Bryan Smith , who was waiting for a bus near Sunday ’s shooting scene on Tuesday morning .
The city really doesn’t do a lot for this neighborhood , as you can see .
The Central Terminal ’s been closed for 40 years .
The buildings are just being torn down and it ’s a very depressed area , economically and emotionally .
” NEWLINE
Buffalo Police tell News 4 these shootings are likely gang related . NEWLINE
People who live near the shooting scenes and community leaders tell News 4 that wouldn’t surprise them . “
It ’s the nature of society now , ”
Smith said . NEWLINE
MORE | Click here to see what community leaders are saying about the recent spike in violence . NEWLINE
They ( gang members ) congregate at various little spots .
You can see them and you notice them but you don’t see their activity , ” said Edward Anderson , who lives near the scene of the Genesee Street shooting . NEWLINE
Anderson called on city leaders to take action to keep the neighborhoods safer .
Mayor Brown has to put his foot down on this before it gets out of control , ” he said . NEWLINE
Buffalo Police continue to investigate .
Anyone with information is urged to call or text the BPD Confidential TIPCALL line at ( 716 ) 847 - 2255 .