2017-01-16
Second suspect arrested in deadly nightclub shooting - MSNewsNow.com - Jackson , MS
A second suspect has been arrested in a Pike County nightclub shooting that killed one and injured four others . NEWLINE
Laxavier Addison was arrested on Monday and charged with conspiracy to commit murder .
His bond has been set at $ 700,000 . NEWLINE
Investigators also arrested 26-year - old Derric Hall and charged him with one count of murder and four counts of attempted murder .
His bond was also set at $ 700,000 . NEWLINE
The identities of all five victims that were shot at the Sin City Nightclub have been released . NEWLINE
READ MORE :
Five shot , one dead in Pike County NEWLINE 45-year - old Prentiss Jackson was pronounced dead at Southwest Hospital from several gunshot wounds .
30-year - old Samuel Reed was taken to UMMC with a gunshot wound to the upper right thigh and the back of his neck . NEWLINE
37-year - old Derrick Jackson was taken to UMMC with a gunshot wound to the face .
38-year - old Todd Taylor is in stable condition after emergency surgery at Southwest Hospital . NEWLINE
29-year - old Timothy Lewis suffered a flesh wound after being grazed and was treated and released from Southwest Hospital . NEWLINE
During the investigation , Hall , of Magnolia , was interviewed and admitted to his involvement in the incident . NEWLINE
Hall said he was at the nightclub gambling when an argument lead to a fight .
Hall said he was assaulted by four or five people . NEWLINE
He managed to get outside the night club , where several people followed him .
Hall said he retrieved a gun from his car and began firing .
He told investigators that he stopped shooting when he saw bodies fall to the ground . NEWLINE
He remains in the Pike County Jail with no bond . NEWLINE
According to Pike County Sheriff 's deputies , they spoke with the Tracy Reed , manager of the club , who denied that any fights happened before she closed up for the night . NEWLINE
An unidentified woman told deputies that several people had been shot and taken to Southwest Regional Medical Center by private vehicles .
Deputies noticed damage to the club and blood trails around the front door . NEWLINE
The scene was secured and investigators were notified .
They collected multiple shell casings from the scene , and spoke with several witnesses . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 MSNewsNow .
All rights reserved .