2017-03-01
SLED : Retired Berkeley County deputy shoots , wounds 16-year - old - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis , Tennessee
Neighbor says the teenager came from this trailer home 100 yards away Source : Live 5 NEWLINE Home where the shooting took place on Poplar Hill Drive Source : Live 5 NEWLINE A retired Berkeley County deputy shot and wounded a burglar at his home Wednesday morning , according to the State Law Enforcement Division . NEWLINE
SLED spokesman Thom Berry says it happened at a home on Poplar Hill Drive in Ridgeville .
He said the call from Berkeley County authorities came in at 7:45 a.m. NEWLINE
A man who lives nearby said he heard and saw a majority of what unfolded early Wednesday morning . NEWLINE
He said it was around 7 a.m. when he heard a man and woman arguing with each other . NEWLINE “
She be like , come back , come back , ”
he said .
She just kept calling his name .
I didn’t know what was going on , I thought it was just couples arguing , but when he got right here in this yard , something wasn’t right . ” NEWLINE
The neighbor said he has never seen the man before , but watched him as he ran up the former deputy ’s driveway .
Then he heard a gunshot . NEWLINE
Berry said the former deputy shot the 16-year - old intruder in the leg after finding the person in his home . NEWLINE “
About a minute , thirty seconds after he went in the yard , POW !
” said the neighbor .
[ The woman ] starts screaming , why you shoot , why you shoot ?
He [ was ] like , he ’s in my yard , he ’s in my house .
” NEWLINE
The teen was transported to MUSC with non - life - threatening injuries . NEWLINE
The sheriff 's office called in SLED because the shooting involved one of their retired deputies , Chief Deputy Mike Cochran said . NEWLINE
All of us in this area know… when he was policeman and retired and all that , ” the neighbor said . “
So when he went over there… the dude was wrong .
He ain’t supposed to be over there .
” NEWLINE SLED agents were on scene throughout the morning and early afternoon collecting evidence and taking statements . NEWLINE
So far , no charges have been filed , but the investigation is continuing , Berry said . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All Rights Reserved .