2017-01-03
2 suspects released after drive - by shooting in Lamesa - KCBD NewsChannel 11 Lubbock
According to Lamesa Police Chief Dale Alwan , the two suspected gunmen who were taken into custody on Monday have been released pending investigation into the drive - by shooting in Lamesa that left a house riddled with bullet holes . NEWLINE
There are 17 bullet holes on the outside of the house in the 1600 block of North 8th Street .
Police say the drive - by shooting happened around 7 p.m. Monday . NEWLINE
Fortunately , no one was injured in the shooting , but neighbors in the area say they are left feeling uneasy . NEWLINE
“
It ’s pretty quiet .
Nothing really happens , except now this , " neighbor Sonia Gurrola said . NEWLINE
Police tape marks the area around the 1600 block of North 8th Street in Lamesa . NEWLINE
A concerning sight for neighbors . NEWLINE
But even more concerning , is what neighbors like Gurrola heard last night . NEWLINE
“ Out of nowhere we heard the gunshots , so we got down and went to my room cause it ’s in the back , " Gurrola said . NEWLINE
One witness says more than a dozen rounds were fired last night during a drive - by shooting . NEWLINE
Sonia says she was inside her house watching a movie when she was shocked by the gunshots . NEWLINE “
So we got down on the floor , cause we didn’t know .
We , it sounded like a lot .
We were scared , " Gurrola said . NEWLINE
While police continue to investigate , Sonia says she feels like a stranger in her own neighborhood , where she ’s lived for several years . NEWLINE
“
It don’t feel the same no more .
I don’t feel safe ...
I feel like I can’t come outside no more , because maybe something will happen again .
So I’d rather just probably stay inside , " Gurrola said . NEWLINE
She says she hopes some peace and reassurance will come soon . NEWLINE “
Just that , you know it gets back to the way it was .
Like quiet , and nothing happens again like this , " Gurrola said . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 KCBD.
All rights reserved .