2017-02-14
17-year - old robbery suspect shot and killed by officer
Quanice Hayes ( Photo : Portland police , KGW ) NEWLINE PORTLAND , Ore. --
An armed robbery suspect was shot and killed by a Portland police officer in Northeast Portland on Thursday morning . NEWLINE
Police said the suspect was 17-year - old Quanice Derrick Hayes .
He was armed with a replica handgun , police said . NEWLINE
Police say the officer who shot and killed Hayes fired three shots .
The Oregonian/OregonLive reports that state medical examiner Dr. Karen Gunson said Monday that despite social media posts from friends and family members claiming otherwise , Officer Andrew Hearst did not shoot Quanice Hayes in the back . NEWLINE
Gunson and Portland police spokesman Sgt .
Pete Simpson declined to describe where Hayes was hit by the officer 's bullets other than to say it was not in the back . NEWLINE
On Saturday , leaders of Do n't Shoot Portland held a press conference , calling for justice . NEWLINE
" While many people are protesting Trump in Portland and around the country , many are overlooking the continuing local and statewide inaction on systemic racism , including incarceration and police terror , " said Do n't Shoot Portland leader Teressa Raiford . NEWLINE
About 50 people attended a vigil Saturday evening in Northeast Portland , where the shooting took place . NEWLINE
Candlelight vigil for 17 year old Quanice Hayes .
pic.twitter.com/icw1HqG3BM —
Art Edwards ( @artedwardskgw ) February 12 , 2017 NEWLINE
Officer Andrew Hearst is a seven - year veteran of the bureau .
He is on paid administrative leave , which is standard police bureau procedure . NEWLINE
Raiford said the police department 's " narrative omits any detail on why Andrew Hearst , who killed an unarmed mentally ill man in 2013 , opened fire on a 17-year - old boy . " NEWLINE
Hearst was involved in another fatal shooting in 2013 .
He , another officer and a sergeant fired shots at Merle Hatch , a 50-year - old fugitive and career criminal wanted for a federal bank robbery charge .
Hatch allegedly threatened and ran at police at a Portland hospital , holding a broken black telephone receiver that he pointed at the officers . NEWLINE
Hearst was 25 years old at the time and was a three - year veteran of the force .
The police review board ruled the shooting justified . NEWLINE
In a news conference Friday afternoon with Police Chief Mike Marshman , Mayor Ted Wheeler pledged for a thorough investigation into Hayes ' shooting as well as a second one that happened later that Thursday . NEWLINE
Police shot and wounded a man in Southeast Portland after they received a report that someone was threatening suicide .
That incident also involved a replica gun . NEWLINE
" The community is justifiably concerned , " said Wheeler . NEWLINE
Teen shot after armed robbery NEWLINE Hayes ' shooting happened in the 8300 block of Northeast Hancock Street as police were searching for a suspect in an armed robbery that took place earlier Thursday morning . NEWLINE
A desk clerk at the Portland Value Inn on 1707 Northeast 82nd Avenue told KGW 's Maggie Vespa that the suspect robbed a man sleeping in his car at about 7 a.m.
She added the victim did not want to be identified .
She knew him as a former , long - term guest of the motel .
He began sleeping in his car a few days ago , explaining he could no longer afford to rent a room . NEWLINE
Police responded to the area around 7:30 a.m. and began looking for a man fitting the description of the gunman .
The robbery victim said the suspect was a black man , wearing a dark hoodie and jeans . NEWLINE “
As officers were responding to that initial call and beginning that investigation , another call came in from the Banfield Pet Hospital … about a car prowl , ” said Sgt .
Pete Simpson , spokesman for the Portland Police Bureau .
And the description was similar .
” NEWLINE
During Thursday ’s on - scene press briefing , Simpson said officers began searching the neighborhood “ loosely ” and spotted a man matching that description . NEWLINE
He said officers tried to talk to him , but the suspect ran away . NEWLINE
That led to additional officers responding , along with a canine unit , and they began tightening up that neighborhood search for the suspect , ” Simpson said . NEWLINE
Simpson said officers quickly came across a home that appeared to have been broken into .
A police dog , with a camera attached to its collar , went in to clear the home .
No one was inside . NEWLINE
Some time later , around 9:21 ( a.m. ) , officers encountered the suspect again .
During that encounter , one officer fired shots that struck and killed the suspect , ” Simpson said . NEWLINE
Simpson said it was unclear what exactly led up to the shooting .
He said a handgun , which was a replica firearm , was found near Hayes ' body . NEWLINE
The replica firearm used by Hayes .
( Photo : Portland police , KGW ) NEWLINE
Simpson said that the police bureau has many replica guns in its possession and that they can often closely resemble actual firearms . NEWLINE
Girlfriend : ' I 'm still in shock ' NEWLINE Hayes ' girlfriend , Bella Aguilar , said she and Hayes had been staying nearby . NEWLINE
" We had gotten a hotel and I asked him to go to the store with my food stamp card to get me something to eat , ” said Aguilar .
“ He never came back .
” NEWLINE " I 'm still in shock . "
--Girlfriend of 17-year - old Quanice Hayes , who was shot and killed by Portland Police during a robbery investigation .
pic.twitter.com/rdsAV1N73v —
Katherine Cook ( @KCookKGW ) February 11 , 2017 NEWLINE Aguilar does n't think Hayes was the suspect . NEWLINE
I think he matched the description of whoever was doing all those things
and they mistook him for someone else . " NEWLINE
Aguilar said she ’s still in shock over losing Hayes and is anxious to hear more information about what led police to kill him . NEWLINE
“ I want to know if the cop had a rightful reason to shoot him , " she said .
" If he did n't , I do n't want him out here . ” NEWLINE
People nearby were shaken up by the incident . NEWLINE
Cordell McKinley stays at the Portland Value Inn as well , and said a lot of people in the area suffer from addiction or other issues .
He said he was sad to learn the suspect had died . NEWLINE
Maybe he had a mental problem .
Maybe there were personal issues , ” he said .
They have less lethal weapons .
They could have used less lethal weapons .
They could have used rubber bullets .
They could have used a taser .
They could have used tactical maneuvers .
” NEWLINE
Others nearby were glad police responded so quickly . NEWLINE
“ It does seem like there ’s an awful lot of excessive force being used lately , ” said Rebecca Manzano , who lives in the area .
“ But at the same time , when you’re in the heat of the moment in a situation like that , and you’re an officer ... I don’t know .
I think officers have been through an awful lot lately , and I’ve seen them actually do a really good job lately with the things I’ve seen around here . ” NEWLINE
The Associated Press , KGW 's Maggie Vespa and Katherine Cook contributed to this report . NEWLINE
© 2017 KGW - TV