2017-02-12
Fourth victim in Robinson Road shooting dies - MSNewsNow.com - Jackson , MS
A fourth victim in a deadly Robinson Road shooting , that killed three others , has died . NEWLINE
23-year - old Marquis Garrett was pronounced dead Sunday night .
His death is the 11th homicide for 2017 in the city of Jackson . NEWLINE
Robinson Rd .
shooting victim , Marquis Garrett-23 , pronounced deceased this evening .
Investigation is ongoing .
11th homicide for 2017 —
Jackson Police Dept .
( @JacksonMSPolice ) February 13 , 2017 NEWLINE 24-year - old Carl Harper turned himself in to Jackson Police on February 10 .
He was wanted for questioning in connection with Thursday night 's triple homicide . NEWLINE
READ MORE : Person of interest in triple homicide surrenders to police NEWLINE On Thursday , around 10:23 p.m. , Jackson police were called to the Westwood Apartments at 3150 Robinson Road regarding a shooting .
When police arrived , they found that four people had been shot during an alleged robbery . NEWLINE
Police identified the victims in the attempted robbery and shootout as 25-year - old Dominique Garrett , 23-year - old Jessie Kelly and 21-year - old Jacarin Robinson .
Garrett was transported from the scene in serious condition . NEWLINE
Two of the men died at the apartment Thursday night and a third person died Friday morning at Merit Health . NEWLINE
The victims were in an apartment playing dominoes when at least three people came inside .
Police said they did not force themselves inside but gained " unforced entry " into the apartment . NEWLINE
At least two of the intruders were armed with a gun and demanded the people inside the apartment to give up their belongings . NEWLINE
The people in the apartment also had guns and exchanged gunfire with the intruders . NEWLINE
The investigation into the shooting is ongoing . NEWLINE
RELATED : Triple homicide investigation continues NEWLINE We will update this as more information becomes available . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 MSNewsNow .
All rights reserved .