2017-02-26
4 victims named in Howland shooting ; PD calls it family dispute
HOWLAND , Ohio ( WKBN ) –
Police have named four victims from Saturday ’s mass shooting at a Howland home that killed two and sent three others to hospitals .
An investigation is ongoing , but officials said the incident stemmed from a family dispute . NEWLINE
Sunday , the Howland Police Department confirmed 19-year - old Josh Haber died at the scene on Niles Cortland Road , while Joshua Williams , 20 , died later in the hospital . NEWLINE
The department also released the names of two individuals who were taken to the hospital — 43-year - old April Trent and 20-year - old Bryce Hendrickson , who both had surgery Saturday night .
The other victim is a 17-year - old , whose name won’t be released . NEWLINE
Nasser Hamad , 47 , is charged with two counts of aggravated murder and three counts of attempted murder .
He is expected to appear in court Monday . NEWLINE
According to the police department , the incident stemmed from a family dispute regarding Hamad dating Hendrickson ’s mother , Tracy Hendrickson .
She was not involved in the shooting but was inside the house when it happened . NEWLINE
Bryce is the son , who is upset because [ Tracy ] is dating Nasser Hamad and has left her husband , ”
Howland Police Chief Nick Roberts said . NEWLINE
Officials say Trent drove all five victims to Hamad ’s house on Niles - Cortland Road to confront him about the ongoing dispute .
The situation then escalated from a physical confrontation to Hamad firing shots at their van around 4:25 p.m. Saturday . NEWLINE
Officers arrived on scene and found several victims shot in a Dodge Caravan , while Hamad was walking back into the home carrying a gun .
Hamad was then ordered out of the house by officers and taken into custody . NEWLINE
Police say it was not a random act , but rather the result of an ongoing dispute between all people involved . NEWLINE
The 911 calls started coming in shortly after the shooting , and Route 46 between Home Depot and Howland Springs Road was shut down for several hours . NEWLINE
In a 911 call , a man said , “
The guy from two houses down was just shooting a gun into a [ car ] .
He ’s still shooting right now .
People are running everywhere .
Another man reported , “
A car was kind of off the side of the road — it looked like it had been in an accident .
I stopped because there was a kid with blood on him screaming for help .
I pulled in to see what was going on .
Someone yelled ‘
You bastard’ and he just opened fire and started shooting .
So I got out of my car and ran .
In another 911 call , a woman said , “
There was a man with a bloody face that ran away across the road right in front of my vehicle towards the woods .
He had a mustache .
” NEWLINE Tim Bryner witnessed the shooting and talked with WKBN. NEWLINE “ I’m a shooter and he knows how to shoot , ” Bryner said .
He held the gun — this guy knows how to shoot .
This was not a gangster shooting it sideways or anything .
He was right on .
WKBN talked to an employee at Dunkin’ Donuts , on Rt .
46 , who said they heard the shooting over the drive through speakers .
She said they worked quickly to make sure everyone was safe , then locked up the store . NEWLINE
We’ve just been trying to get the store cleaned up , ” Mariah Cullison said .
We’ve been really slow and only been serving the cops and everyone working the scene .
The Caravan , with four bullet holes , was towed from the scene at 10:30 p.m. NEWLINE Police reported taking a knife , several 9mm shell casings and a Smith and Wesson Model 439 from the scene . NEWLINE
Howland detectives and the Trumbull County Homicide Unit ask for anyone with any information they have not already given to the police to call the Trumbull 911 Non - Emergency Line at 330 - 675 - 2730 and ask to speak with a detective .