2017-01-30
Detectives arrest Kent teen after Des Moines shooting
King County Sheriff ’s Office deputies arrested a 16-year - old Kent boy for investigation of weapons charges after initially looking at him for his possible involvement in the death of a 22-year - old man run over by a SUV last week at Beaver Lake Park in Sammamish . NEWLINE
Detectives arrested the teen early Saturday morning in Des Moines after an officer involved shooting that resulted in the death of a 17-year - old boy who exited an apartment with the younger teen in the 21600 block of 29th Avenue South , according to a sheriff ’s office media release . NEWLINE
Police tracked down the teens at the apartment in connection with the Beaver Lake Park killing on Jan. 25 when a man armed with a gun tried to stop a car prowler and ended up getting run over by a SUV. NEWLINE Detectives arrested a 23-year - old Renton woman on Saturday at a house in Skyway for investigation of vehicular homicide for reportedly running over the man at the park .
She reportedly drove the SUV that fled the scene . NEWLINE
Detectives also arrested a 17-year - old girl for investigation of identity theft and possession of stolen property .
She reportedly was at Beaver Lake Park and later spotted on video surveillance trying to use a credit card ( stolen from a vehicle at the park ) at a Fred Meyer store in Renton . NEWLINE
When the Kent teen and the older teen exited the Des Moines apartment and saw deputies , they each pulled out handguns , according to the media release .
The 17-year - old fired shots .
Three deputies fired shots .
Paramedics transported the injured teen to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle where he later died . NEWLINE
The younger teen dropped his gun and ran from the scene before police learned he was hiding in a nearby apartment .
A SWAT team responded to the scene and ordered the teen out of the apartment . NEWLINE
The suspect came out of the apartment just after 5 a.m. and was taken into custody without incident .
Detectives do not believe the teen was at the Beaver Lake homicide scene . NEWLINE
The deputies involved in the shooting were placed on paid administrative leave which is routine in officer involved shootings .
All three deputies are veteran officers . NEWLINE
Meanwhile , detectives have asked for the public ’s help to track down a gold Infiniti mid - size SUV with 5-point chrome wheels suspected to be used in the killing .
Police obtained video of the vehicle leaving the park by a citizen that caught it on a dash camera . NEWLINE
If you have information about the SUV , call the King County Sheriff ’s Office at 206 - 296 - 3111 or 911 .