2017-02-13
Suspect killed in officer - involved shooting identified
LMPD officer shot near Churchill Downs taken to hospital NEWLINE
A man was killed and a Louisville Metro police officer was injured in an officer - involved shooting Saturday night . NEWLINE
Advertisement Related Content Family of man shot by police angered by video NEWLINE
The coroner has identified the man killed as 32-year - old William Young Jr. NEWLINE
The shooting happened around 10:30 p.m. in the 1200 block of Oleanda Avenue . NEWLINE
Officers were called to the location on a report of a home invasion . NEWLINE
Louisville Police Chief Steve Conrad told WLKY that the officers called for back up when they arrived on scene because of reports that someone was still inside . NEWLINE
He said police came across Young while in the house and that Young struck an officer . NEWLINE
" As the officers went up on to the second floor , a man on the second floor , a white male , appears to be in his 20s came at one of the officers , struck that officer in the chest region , " Conrad said . NEWLINE
That 's when , Conrad says , police returned fire , killing Young . NEWLINE
The coroner said Young was pronounced dead at the scene and he died of multiple gunshot wounds .
Young 's address is listed as city at large due to the fact that he was homeless . NEWLINE
Carmon Yokeum , the ex - husband of Young 's aunt , says Young had his share of demons , but can not understand why he would attack a police officer . NEWLINE
" Unless they just totally startled him is the only thing I can figure , because he 's never deliberately hit anybody that I know of , " Yokeum said . NEWLINE
Police Chief Steve Conrad said the officer has an injury to his chest and a gunshot wound in the hand . NEWLINE "
( The officer ) has been transported to University Hospital where we anticipate he will either potentially have surgery or he will be treated for his injuries , " Conrad said . NEWLINE
The officer 's name has not been released . NEWLINE
The chief did not said what caused the officer 's chest injury . NEWLINE
Louisville police said they will release the names of the officer 's involved as well as body camera footage at a press conference on Monday .