2017-01-22
Police : 4-year - old shot , killed while playing with mother 's boyfriend 's gun
AUBURNDALE , Fla. - A 4-year - old died from a gunshot wound Friday evening , the Auburndale Police Department said . NEWLINE
Police said they responded to the 100 block of Lakeside Hills Loop in Auburndale around 10 p.m. NEWLINE Officers said they were originally told that a 4-year - old boy had hit his head on a table and was badly injured .
Upon their arrival , officers and arriving emergency medical responders found the boy , Avion Weaver , with a gunshot wound to his cheek . NEWLINE
Weaver was transported to Arnold Palmer Children 's Hospital , where he was later pronounced dead . NEWLINE
Officials said the investigation revealed that Weaver was in his family 's apartment apparently watching television alone while his mother 's boyfriend , Demeko Robinson , 26 , was outside in the parking lot with friends . NEWLINE
Shortly after 10 p.m. , Robinson went into the apartment and found Weaver heavily bleeding , police said .
Neighbors reported hearing what they thought sounded like a gunshot around the same time . NEWLINE
" It is apparent that Avion found Robinson ’s loaded pistol and while handling it , he accidentally shot himself in the face , " Auburndale police said . NEWLINE
The Polk County Emergency Communications Center received a call from Robinson at 10:09 p.m. , during which he requested an ambulance , officials said . NEWLINE
During the investigation , police said a 9mm semi - automatic pistol belonging to Robinson was recovered from outside the apartment . NEWLINE
Police said Weaver 's mother , Deja Perry , was not home at the time of the shooting , but returned minutes after Robinson called police and immediately before the arrival of the first police officer . NEWLINE
Auburndale detectives have been in close contact with the state attorney ’s office regarding this case and charges are potentially pending a review of the case once it is completed . NEWLINE
Stay with News 6 and ClickOrlando.com for updates on this developing story . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 by
WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved .