2017-03-08
Police find car involved in drive - by shooting that injured 2-year - old Tavares girl
by : Jason Kelly , Julie Salomone Updated : Mar 8 , 2017 - 6:13 PM NEWLINE
TAVARES , Fla. - A 2-year - old girl who was injured Tuesday evening in a shooting at a condominium complex has been released from the hospital , the Tavares Police Department said . NEWLINE
Someone in a dark gray Chevrolet Malibu fired several shots at about 9 p.m. on West Rosewood Lane in the Rosewood Homes complex near Captain Haynes and Dead River roads , Officer Sarah Coursey said . NEWLINE
Police announced Wednesday evening that they believe they have found the car in question . NEWLINE
Officials say they also have found the car in question .
Right now they 're examining it to make sure , it was used during the drive - by .
— Myrt Price ( @MPriceWFTV ) March 8 , 2017 NEWLINE
Police : Toddler wounded in drive - by shooting in Tavares NEWLINE Sy'mia Pierce was playing in a pickup truck when a bullet grazed her side , Coursey said . NEWLINE
Police said the toddler was taken to Florida Hospital Waterman with minor injuries . NEWLINE
Taveres police said a 2 yr old was shot in a drive - by shooting .
Her mother gave us her photo .
Grandma says she 's out of the hospital .

pic.twitter.com/wC4CayZZqM —
Julie Salomone ( @JSalomoneWFTV ) March 8 , 2017 NEWLINE
Sy'mia was released from the hospital early Wednesday .
Her 9-month - old brother , who was also in the truck during the shooting , was uninjured , their mother , Tiffany Collins , said . NEWLINE
" She was in the backseat playing at the time , " Collins said .
" Maybe the jumping around made the bullet miss her . " NEWLINE
Collins said two bullets were found in her truck and a third struck a neighbor 's window . NEWLINE
Neighbor Maurice Lulo said he watching television when he heard the gunfire . NEWLINE
Hear the girl 's mother describe the incident below : NEWLINE " I heard three shots , " he said .
" I saw lot of people coming out of that apartment . " NEWLINE
He immediately called 911 . NEWLINE
His wife , Lucy Lulo , said they 've come to befriend the neighborhood children , including Sy'mia . NEWLINE
" They call us grandma and papi , " she said .
" There 's a lot of kids that play from here ( to ) the stop sign . " NEWLINE
We met this girl and her mom after police said a drive - by shooting happened outside their home .
One bullet hit the little girl , she 's ok .
pic.twitter.com/BrdyYleMYd — Julie Salomone ( @JSalomoneWFTV ) March 8 , 2017 NEWLINE
She said she 's relieved
Semiya is doing well . NEWLINE
Police said the gunman fled and remains at large , but police said there are persons of interests in the case . NEWLINE
The shooting remains under investigation . NEWLINE
Anyone with information is asked to call Tavares police at 352 - 742 - 6300 or Crimeline at 800 - 423 - 8477 . NEWLINE
© 2017 Cox Media Group .