2017-03-24
Teen Critically Injured In NW Miami - Dade Shooting
Follow CBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter NEWLINE MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) —
Miami - Dade Police are investigating a double shooting that left a teenager critically injured . NEWLINE
Police say 16-year - old Zackery Dixon was found with multiple gunshot wounds in his groin , hands , and legs . NEWLINE
It happened in the area of 4725 NW 24th Avenue at around 10:30 p.m. NEWLINE
The 16-year - old male was inside the apartment complex when at least two males approached him and began shooting at him .
The victim then began running within the complex where he began asking for help . NEWLINE
The teenager was transported to Ryder Trauma Center in critical condition . NEWLINE
Investigators say a 55-year - old man named Brian Zachary , who happened to be an innocent bystander , was also injured in the shooting . NEWLINE
Investigators said Zachary drove himself to Jackson Memorial Hospital with a gunshot wound to his forearm and buttocks . NEWLINE
Zachary ’s wife , Tania , had a message for the community . NEWLINE
“
What ’s going on needs to stop because our own people are doing it to our own people .
It ’s hurting everybody that ’s infected by it , ” said Tania . NEWLINE
Meantime , Miami Police are investigating a shooting in Miami that left two other teens injured .
It happened Thursday night near 683 NW 53rd Street . NEWLINE
Police said , when they arrived at the scene , they found a teen who was shot in the back .
They later found a second teen grazed in the head and wrist . NEWLINE
The teens – ages 18 and 19 – were transported to Jackson Memorial Hospital .
Both are listed as stable . NEWLINE
Overnight , Miami - Dade County Public Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho tweeted about the shootings saying , “
Troubling Thursday night marked by heartbreaking shooting of two teenagers .
separate incidents striking at the soul of our community # enough .
” NEWLINE
If you know anything about either of these two shooting you’re asked to call Miami - Dade Crime Stoppers at 305 - 471-TIPS.