2017-02-09
76-year - old newlywed shoots wife after argument over sleeping arrangements
LEHIGH ACRES , Fla. -- Deputies say a 76-year - old new groom told them he shot his new bride in the buttocks , and the bride told Four in Your Corner the situation is a " nightmare . " NEWLINE
According to a Lee County Sheriff 's Office report , Donald Royce admitted to deputies he shot his wife following an argument over the couple ’s sleeping arrangements .
He says they’ve been married since August but have yet to consummate their marriage . NEWLINE
" Holy cow , that 's ridiculous .
A grown adult having a temper tantrum about sex , " Royce 's neighbor , April Bailey , said . NEWLINE
The couple ’s roommate says she heard two gun shots , and when she went to see what happened , Royce pointed the gun at her . NEWLINE
She says she convinced him to let her call to get his wife medical help . NEWLINE
Royce told arriving deputies “
I shot her and the gun is in my room .
”
He later told deputies that he never intended to shoot his wife .
He just wanted to scare her by shooting the mattress , and became upset when he realized the gunfire struck her . NEWLINE
His 62-year - old wife was trauma alerted to Lee Memorial Hospital with gunshot wounds to the buttocks and hip . NEWLINE
Royce has been charged with Aggravated Battery . NEWLINE
Four in Your Corner spoke with Royce 's wife Tuesday night .
She was recovering at home from the two gunshot wounds , and described the situation as a nightmare . NEWLINE
She said she and Royce were together for six years before they decided to get married , and she never thought he was capable of doing something like this . NEWLINE
The main message Royce 's wife wants people to take away from her story is that violence toward a woman is never okay .
A woman should have a right to her own body , regardless of age or marriage status , " Bailey said . NEWLINE
STAY IN TOUCH WITH US ANYTIME , ANYWHERE NEWLINE Download our free app for Apple and Android NEWLINE Sign up for Breaking News email alerts . NEWLINE
Follow us on Twitter NEWLINE Follow @Fox4Now NEWLINE
Like us on Facebook