2017-03-09
After second release from ICE , suspect allegedly impregnated , later shot teen to death
After second release from ICE , suspect allegedly impregnated , later shot teen to death NEWLINE Photo : Bexar County Jail Image 1 of / 6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 Armando Garcia - Ramires , 35 , faces two counts of capital murder .
He remains in jail on a $ 2 million bond .
Armando Garcia - Ramires , 35 , faces two counts of capital murder .
He remains in jail on a $ 2 million bond .
Photo : Bexar County Jail Image 2 of 6 Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in
the city 's Northwest Side Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Photo : Caleb Downs Image 3 of 6 Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Photo : Caleb Downs Image 4 of 6 Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Photo : Caleb Downs Image 5 of 6 Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Photo : Caleb Downs Image 6 of 6 Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Police are responding to a murder and attempted suicide in the city 's Northwest Side Photo : Caleb Downs
After second release from ICE , suspect allegedly impregnated , later shot teen to death 1 / 6 Back to Gallery NEWLINE
The 35-year - old man accused of shooting a pregnant teenager , killing her and the unborn child he had fathered , was released from custody by immigration agents about one month prior to impregnating the victim for the second time . NEWLINE
Armando Garcia - Ramires , 35 , faces two charges of capital murder in connection with Monday 's shooting and remains in the Bexar County Jail on a $ 2 million bond . NEWLINE
RELATED : SAPD : Man charged in pregnant teen 's shooting death fathered unborn child who died and toddler NEWLINE ICE agents first arrested Garcia - Ramires , who is originally from Mexico , on Jan. 19 , 2011 , through the criminal alien program of San Antonio , according to Nina Pruneda , a spokeswoman for U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement . NEWLINE
Garcia - Ramires was brought before a judge and taken into ICE custody , Pruneda said in a written statement .
He later posted bond and was released on Feb. 7 , 2011 . NEWLINE
ICE agents arrested him again on April 3 , 2016 , and an immigration judge granted him bond on May 11 .
He was again released from custody . NEWLINE
RELATED : 35-year - old man faces capital murder charges in death of pregnant girl , 15 , and unborn child NEWLINE Police have said Jennifer Delgado , the 15-year - old victim , was nine months pregnant when she was shot multiple times in the head Monday at an apartment in the 1100 block of Babcock Road . NEWLINE
Police confirmed earlier this week that Garcia - Ramires was the father of Delgado 's unborn child and her 1-year - old boy , who was unharmed in the incident . NEWLINE
Based on the timeline provided by police , Garcia - Ramires apparently impregnated Delgado sometime around June 2016 , the month after he was released from custody for the second time . NEWLINE
RELATED : 11-month - old boy dies after apparently drowning in Seguin NEWLINE On Tuesday , ICE placed an immigration detainer on Garcia - Ramires following his release from University Hospital , where he received treatment for injuries sustained during a failed suicide attempt near the apartment complex where Delgado was killed . NEWLINE
It is unclear when or how Garcia - Ramires first came to the San Antonio area , but he has never been removed from the U.S. since his arrival , according to Pruneda . NEWLINE
A GoFundMe page was recently created to help raise money for Delgado 's family following her killing . NEWLINE
Text " Breaking " to 48421 for breaking news alerts from mySA.com NEWLINE cdowns@mysa.com NEWLINE
Twitter : @calebjdowns