2017-03-12
Police : St. Charles dad fatally shot twin daughters , himself
Police :
St. Charles dad fatally shot twin daughters , himself NEWLINE hello NEWLINE St. Charles Deputy Police Chief David Kintz discussed Friday 's fatal shootings of 16-year - old twin sisters by their father , who later killed himself .
" Our entire community mourns the loss of the victims , " he said .
Mark Black | Staff Photographer NEWLINE St. Charles Deputy Police Chief David Kintz released new details Sunday about a father who fatally shot his twin daughters and then himself Friday in their home .
Mark Black | Staff Photographer NEWLINE St. Charles police said Sunday Randy Coffland , left , fatally shot daughter 16-year - old Brittany , and wounded his wife , Anjum , before killing himself Friday at his home .
Brittany 's twin sister , Tiffany , also was killed .
Courtesy of Antonia Galla NEWLINE
A St. Charles father shot and killed his twin daughters in their home Friday before fatally shooting himself , police said Sunday . NEWLINE
Randall R. Coffland , 48 , and his 16-year - old daughters , Brittany S. Coffland and Tiffany S. Coffland , each were found dead with a single gunshot wound to the head , Deputy Police Chief David Kintz said . NEWLINE
The girls ' mother , Anjum S. Coffland , 46 , was shot in the legs and is in stable condition , police said . NEWLINE
Kintz said police are still investigating what caused Randall Coffland to shoot his family members and himself . NEWLINE
Officers were dispatched about 5:12 p.m. to the family 's condominium on the 400 block of South First Street after both Anjum and Randall Coffland called police . NEWLINE
In recordings of the 911 calls released Sunday , Anjum Coffland can be heard screaming her daughters ' names and telling dispatchers her husband killed her girls .
She said she had been shot in the legs and was going into shock . NEWLINE
In a separate call , Randall Coffland told 911 operators he shot his kids and wife , and planned to kill himself next . NEWLINE
When officers arrived , they found Anjum Coffland injured inside the residence and carried her downstairs to an awaiting ambulance .
Kintz said it appears both of her legs were hit by a single gunshot . NEWLINE
One of the daughters was found dead on the couch and the other in a bedroom , Kintz said .
Randall Coffland was found in the master bathroom . NEWLINE
Two handguns were found inside the home -- one in the closet and another near Randall Coffland , police said .
A single bullet casing was found near each victim . NEWLINE
Coffland had a valid firearm owners identification card , Kintz said , though police have yet to determine who owned the guns or where they came from . NEWLINE
Police have no indication there was a struggle leading up to the shooting , Kintz said , and there was " nothing strewed about to show there was a fight . "
The Kane County coroner 's office is expected to perform autopsies Monday . NEWLINE
" This was a tragic and horrific event , " Kintz said .
" Our entire community mourns the loss of the victims . " NEWLINE
Anjum and Randall were married but had been living at separate addresses at the time of Friday 's shooting , Kintz said .
Randall was living with both daughters in the condominium , he said .
Police are unsure why Anjum was there Friday . NEWLINE
Brittany and Tiffany were students at St. Charles East High School .
They would have had their 17th birthdays Tuesday , police said . NEWLINE
" I 'm not aware of any custody agreements they had or even where they were in the process of separation , " Kintz said . NEWLINE
Police said they had responded Feb. 9 to a report of domestic trouble involving the couple at Anjum 's apartment , also in St. Charles .
Though police are not releasing that report , they say there was no physical violence at that time .