2017-03-26
Cincinnati nightclub shooting : One killed , 15 injured
( CNN ) They came for a night of music and dancing .
They left by fleeing past wounded clubgoers lying on a bloody floor . NEWLINE
Shortly after 1 a.m. Sunday at the packed Cameo Night Club in Cincinnati , a DJ called for security over and over , one man recalled later . NEWLINE
Four off - duty police officers were outside in the parking lot . NEWLINE
To get in , clubgoers had been searched with an electronic wand to detect hidden weapons . NEWLINE
Still , the witness told CNN affiliate WLWT that he heard about 20 gunshots in the club . NEWLINE
One person was killed and 15 wounded .
Police said several people had been able to sneak guns into the club and they believe more than one person was involved in the shooting .
They said it might have developed from a dispute that started earlier in the day . NEWLINE
The shooting was not related to terrorism , authorities said . NEWLINE
Cincinnati Police Chief Eliot Isaac addresses reporters after Sunday morning 's fatal shooting . NEWLINE
Police identified the slain man as O'Bryan Spikes , 27 . NEWLINE
Several victims were undergoing surgery , Cincinnati Police Sgt .
Eric Franz told CNN Sunday morning .
Police do not have any suspects in custody but are interviewing witnesses . NEWLINE '
A lot of chaos ' NEWLINE Cameo is in the former home of a gay bar called Adonis , which closed in 2012 . NEWLINE
It is in the city 's East End area , on the Ohio River Scenic Byway near Cincinnati Municipal Airport - Lunken Field , amid used auto parts yards and marinas . NEWLINE
Cameo hires police officers for extra security .
Two officers were stationed at the club 's entrance and another two in the parking lot , Franz said . NEWLINE
Officers in those situations are allowed to provide security only outside the clubs , Police Chief Eliot Isaac said later .
Clubs are responsible for their internal security . NEWLINE
A man who was inside told CNN affiliate WLWT that he heard the DJ calling for security , although the music had n't stopped . NEWLINE "
It was just a lot of chaos , obviously , when the shots went off , " Cincinnati Police Department Capt .
Kimberly Williams said .
" People ( were ) just trying to get out of harm 's way . " NEWLINE
To leave the club , some partiers had to flee past injured people on the floor . NEWLINE '
Chaotic crime scene ' NEWLINE Police found a " chaotic crime scene " as they looked for witnesses , many of whom took off when the shooting started , said Cincinnati Assistant Police Chief Paul Neudigate . NEWLINE
" Everyone that we can identify is being interviewed , " he said . NEWLINE
The packed parking lot and the crowds trying to drive away hindered fire rescue teams , Assistant Fire Chief Roy Winston said . NEWLINE
Members of the ATF and local police work at the Cameo nightclub Sunday . NEWLINE
" You had a mass group of people leaving the scene , " Winston said . NEWLINE
Police are hoping witnesses will come forward to help identify suspects . NEWLINE
Some of the injured drove themselves to area hospitals , police said . NEWLINE
One patient was treated for a gunshot wound and released from Anderson Hospital , said Nanette Bentley , hospital spokeswoman .
Another person walked into West Hospital with a non - gunshot injury and was treated and released , Bentley said . NEWLINE '
Just going to have a good time ' NEWLINE Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley said his city is " deeply saddened by this tragedy " and urged community members to work together . NEWLINE
Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley delivers a statement about the shooting at the Cameo Night Club . NEWLINE
" People were just going to have a good time and ended up getting shot , " he said .
" That is totally unacceptable . NEWLINE
" This is a tragedy that has struck other communities and now it has struck Cincinnati .
Our hearts are broken but our spirit is not . " NEWLINE
Club has had ' challenges in the past ' NEWLINE The Cameo nightclub allows admission to anyone over the age of 18 on Friday nights .
Saturday nights are 21 and above and promoted as " grown and sexy " night . NEWLINE
Cameo has a history of violent incidents , WLWT reported . NEWLINE
" We are aware of it .
It ( the club ) has had some challenges in the past , " Neudigate said . NEWLINE
Multiple assaults were reported at Cameo from 2014 to 2016 , affiliate WXIX reported . NEWLINE
Worst US mass shooting so far this year NEWLINE
The incident is the worst mass shooting ( for total number of victims ) so far in 2017 , according to Gunviolencearchive.com .
There have been 71 in the US this year . NEWLINE
In Cincinnati alone , there have been at least nine since 2013 .
The most recent was February 28 , when six people were shot at an apartment building in the Northside neighborhood . NEWLINE
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms is helping Cincinnati police with this investigation . NEWLINE
Saddened to learn about last night 's shooting in Cincinnati .
Our prayers are with the victims and families of all of those involved .
( 1/2 ) — John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March 26 , 2017 NEWLINE I 've instructed our administration to offer any assistance the state can provide .
( 2/2 ) — John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March 26 , 2017 NEWLINE
" Saddened to learn about last night 's shooting in Cincinnati , " Ohio Gov. John Kasich tweeted .
" Our prayers are with the victims and families of all of those involved . NEWLINE
" I 've instructed our administration to offer any assistance the state can provide . "