2017-03-10
Police : Middletown sees uptick in crime in past week
A rash of crime has plagued Middletown over the past week , Police Chief Rodney Muterspaw said Thursday . NEWLINE
Advertisement NEWLINE The crimes happened fairly close to each other , Muterspaw said , and several of them involved minors . NEWLINE
The uptick in crime started Friday , as a young man entered Subway on Weity Parkway , pointed a gun at store employees and jumped over the counter .
Two of the employees ran from the store , but they were pursued by the gunman , police said .
No arrests have been have in the case . NEWLINE
Another crime occurred late Sunday night , Muterspaw said , when a man entered Bar Boca on Charles Street and fired at least six rounds .
No one was struck . NEWLINE
Officials have identified the shooter as Doryn Palmer Truss , 22 .
He is still at large , and anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to contact detectives at 513 - 425 - 7733 . NEWLINE
On Monday , a home invasion resulted in numerous arrests . NEWLINE
Police said two men broke into a home in the 3200 block of Wilbraham Road , and made two 14-year - old boys lay on the ground , striking them in the head with a gun . NEWLINE
Muterspaw said the intruders stole two guns and ran from the house . NEWLINE
The following day , police said they attempted to stop a vehicle with two people involved in Monday ’s robbery inside . NEWLINE
The car did not stop for police , and a chase ensued .
That chase ended in a crash at a Wendy ’s restaurant on Verity Parkway .
Both of the men inside were arrested . NEWLINE
Jakaleb Silas , 18 , was arrested and charged with aggravated burglary .
Officials said he was one of the men involved in the gun theft . NEWLINE
Sidique Bailey , 19 , was also arrested .
Police said Bailey was the driver of the car that fled from officers , and also the driver during the gun theft .
He was charged with aggravated burglary , contributing to the delinquency of a minor , fleeing and eluding and reckless operation . NEWLINE
A 17-year - old was also arrested in connection to the gun theft .
The unnamed teen was also found in possession of a stolen handgun from the home invasion , police said .
He faces charges of aggravated burglary , felonious assault and receiving stolen property . NEWLINE
Further investigation revealed that a 13-year - old boy convinced Silas and the 17-year - old to steal the guns , investigators said .
The 13-year - old knew there were guns inside of the Wlbraham Road home , and persuaded two others to steal them , Muterspaw said .
The 13-year - old faces a charge of aggravated burglary . NEWLINE
In addition , police said Jack Mikesell , 19 , helped the 13-year - old plan the burglary .
Mikesell also faces a charge of aggravated burglary . NEWLINE
Some of the individuals involved with the Wilbraham Road robbery wanted the weapons to rob a drug dealer , Muterspaw said .