2017-02-08
Teens steal cars at gunpoint ; lead police on high speed chase - MSNewsNow.com - Jackson , MS
Last night around 11:40 p.m. the Rankin County Sheriff ’s Department received a Bolo from the Forest Police Department on a stolen brown Honda Accord and a red Nissan Sentra . NEWLINE
The Sentra had been stolen at gunpoint from Ridgeland ( at 8:30 pm ) , and was involved in an armed carjacking in the city of Forest .
The alert stated that the occupants of the vehicle may be armed . NEWLINE
Rankin County Sheriff ’s Department found the Nissan Sentra on Interstate 20 headed west bound . NEWLINE
When officers tried to stop the car , it fled .
Officers chased the car at speeds reaching more than 100 mph .
During the pursuit , as the car was getting closer to more densely populated parts of the county , officers fired shots at the rear tire of the stolen car trying to disable it . NEWLINE
The bullet hit the car and then ricocheted and hit the back seat passenger . NEWLINE
The stolen car continued to travel into the City of Jackson and the car ultimately was stopped and the occupants were arrested . NEWLINE
The back seat passenger was transported to the hospital for treatment for a gunshot wound to his upper arm . NEWLINE
MBI was contacted and investigating the shooting of the vehicle .
Once their investigation is complete their finding will be turned over to the District Attorney 's office . NEWLINE
A third car , a Dodge Charger , stolen from Hinds County was found by the Forest Police Department . NEWLINE
The two occupants of the vehicle were arrested .
The Charger was believed to have been involved in the armed carjacking in Ridgeland and the armed carjacking in Forest . NEWLINE
The names of the individuals arrested are not being released right now as they are juveniles but will be released once formally charged in Ridgeland . NEWLINE
The ages of the suspects are 15 , 16 , and three 17 year olds all from Jackson . NEWLINE
There are multiple law enforcement agencies that are involved in this ongoing investigation .
They include the Rankin County Sheriff ’s Department , Mississippi Bureau of Investigations , Ridgeland Police Department , and the Forest Police Department . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 MSNewsNow .
All rights reserved .