2017-03-26
Orion Township teen dies one week after getting shot by close friend in Pontiac
A 15-year - old Orion Township boy who was shot in the head at a friend ’s house in Pontiac March 18 died over the weekend — one week after the tragic incident occurred . NEWLINE
The shooting took place last Saturday night outside a Pontiac home in the 100 block of Wall Street .
Sheriff ’s deputies and emergency personnel from Star EMS and the Waterford Regional Fire Department responded to the scene around 11:15 p.m. after receiving a 911 call about the incident .
Upon arrival , deputies were led inside a house to a second story bedroom , where the boy — identified as Solomon Bonner — was lying unconscious and exhibiting labored breathing , the report said . NEWLINE
The teen was quickly transported by Star EMS to Mclaren Hospital - Oakland for treatment , and subsequently transferred to Children ’s Hospital of Michigan in Detroit where he was listed in critical condition . NEWLINE
Bonner , a promising student athlete who was planning on attending Orchard Lake St. Marys High School in the fall , died exactly one week later , according to his father ’s Facebook page . NEWLINE
Advertisement NEWLINE A close friend of the boy has been confirmed by Sheriff ’s deputies to be the shooter , though an investigation into whether or not the shooting was accidental is ongoing . NEWLINE
After the incident , detectives at the Pontiac Substation spoke with three juveniles who were in the home at the time of the shooting , and were able to confirm that the shooter was a 14-year - old boy from Pontiac , who is currently being held at Oakland County Children ’s Village .
The other juveniles present were released to their parents after speaking with detectives . NEWLINE
The weapon used — a .32 caliber handgun — was found in the backyard of a neighboring residence , according to the report . NEWLINE
Bonner ’s family has created a GoFundMe page to help with medical and funeral expenses .
The page has raised nearly $ 15,000 toward the family ’s goal of $ 250,000 since its creation on March 22 . NEWLINE
The shooting remains under investigation .