2017-01-03
Kannapolis officer 's 14-year - old son killed in Charlotte shootin - | WBTV Charlotte
Police are offering a $ 15,000 reward for any information leading to an arrest in the killing of a 14-year - old boy , and son of a Kannapolis police officer , who was shot in northeast Charlotte Monday night . NEWLINE
Anthony Frazier died on Tuesday at Carolinas Medical Center , and according to an uncle , his organs were donated to help others in need . NEWLINE
Frazier was shot around 10 p.m. while in a vehicle on Finchley Drive .
He was then driven to a gas station on Eastway Drive near Sugar Creek Road . NEWLINE
Police said he had been visiting with family in Charlotte . NEWLINE
Officers have not said whether the boy was the intended target of the shooting , or what may have led up to the violence . NEWLINE
“ Put our lives on the line together , I mean , we all feel like we are brothers and sisters .
When something that tragic happens , like an officer losing a son , it really just hits all of us in the heart , ” said Kannapolis Police Chief Woody Chavis . NEWLINE
Frazier attended Kannapolis Middle School and is known as a standout student and athlete .
He was also in the Students Taking A Right Stand ( STARS ) program , which works with students in Cabarrus County and Kannapolis city schools , focusing on strengthening leadership skills and community engagement . NEWLINE
" He 's an awesome young man and a treasure .
We 're hurting a lot over this , " said Brandon Miller , a facilitator for the STARS program . NEWLINE
Always had that smile on his face , always positive attitude toward everything , ” said Jerold Griggs , Frazier 's basketball coach .
Anthony was just one of those guys that cared more about others than himself .
So , the guys today are taking it really hard .
” NEWLINE Ellen Boyd with Kannapolis City Schools said counselors were at the school Wednesday to help any students or staff affected by the violence . NEWLINE
We had a lot of students use that service today and then we had a moment of silence after we had a little bit of time to process that , ” said Gwen Love , the Assistant Principal at Kannapolis Middle School .
“ Students were not aware that it had happened , so some of them found out this morning .
” NEWLINE
“ Let ’s keep his legacy alive and continue moving forward , " said Griggs . NEWLINE
The Kannapolis Police Department released a statement Wednesday : NEWLINE
The Kannapolis Police Department is heartbroken over the loss of one of our family members , especially as Anthony was just beginning his teenage years .
Every member , of our extended family , plays an important role in our everyday lives and is critical to ensuring we are successful in carrying out our professional duties .
Our families are the backbone of our department and without them we could not survive .
We are stunned that once again a senseless tragedy has impacted the lives of our children and our officers .
May God place his protective and loving arms around Officer Daniel Frazier ’s family during this time of sorrow .
A special thank you to the public for all the prayers , moral support , and acts of grace which you have shown us . NEWLINE
In a release Tuesday evening , police said the suspected shooters are described as two black males in their teens to early 20s .
One had a thin build and was wearing a gray hoodie .
The other also had a thin build and was wearing a dark - colored hoodie .
One may have possibly had short twists . NEWLINE
The wanted duo may frequent the Shamrock Drive and Eastway Drive corridors , investigators said . NEWLINE
The city of Kannapolis raising money for the family to help with funeral costs .
They ask that you either bring checks or cash to the City Government Building . NEWLINE
A vigil will be held Thursday at 6 p.m. behind Kannapolis Middle School . NEWLINE
Copyright 2017 WBTV.
All rights reserved .