2017-01-10
Teen Dies Of Self - Inflicted Gunshot Wound
In Valencia
Mental health officials are working to raise awareness about community resources after a 14-year - old boy was found dead Sunday from a self - inflicted gunshot wound . NEWLINE
The death is the second suspected from such means in 2017 . NEWLINE
The name of the victim , who was found in a home on the 24000 block of Brighton Drive in Valencia , has not been released pending an autopsy , according to medical examiners . NEWLINE
The suicide represents the first in the 16 and under age group in more than a year , as none was reported in that group under the age of 16 in 2016 . NEWLINE
Paramedics were dispatched to the home at 4:42 p.m. Sunday regarding a patient with a gunshot wound , according to Los Angeles County Fire Department officials , but the patient had already died . NEWLINE
2017 seems to be following the troubling pattern of 2016 so far , when the first few months had the suicide rate on track to potentially double . NEWLINE
The numbers raised alarms and spurred renewed efforts by Santa Clarita officials , who are working with community partners , such as the Sheriff ’s Station and College of the Canyons , with the Blue Ribbon Task Force Subcommittee on Suicide Prevention . NEWLINE
“ We have an advisory committee on suicide prevention , and we have developed a coalition of resources that are available to our community , ” said Larry Schallert , assistant director of COC ’s Student Health and Wellness Center , “ both to prevent suicide and also post - intervention services for family who’ve survived suicide .
” NEWLINE
Officials at College of the Canyons , which hosts the meetings , in particular , has stepped up outreach efforts , after officials there learned there were three suicides by students who never took advantage of the campus’ counseling resources , according to officials .
There were none reported in 2016 , but officials have been closely watching the issue and continuing the awareness efforts . NEWLINE “
We’re doing all we can to prevent these kinds of things , and working with everybody , including the Sheriff ’s Department , the colleges our local providers and our local schools , ” Schallert said , “ to help prevent these kinds of things and to respond to people who are in crisis .
” NEWLINE
The first suicide of 2017 took place Friday , Jan. 6 at the Oak Tree Gun Club in Newhall .
The decedent in that case was identified as Travis Paster , 32 , of Lancaster . NEWLINE
Anyone seeking information about mental health resources available in the Santa Clarita Valley can click here for a list of resources .
There are 24-hour phone numbers available .
In the event of an emergency , 911 should always be the first call .
Those looking to speak with someone can call :