2017-01-06
Community , family remember slain 14-year - old Kannapolis boy
by : Joe Bruno , Gina Esposito , Mark Becker , Elsa Gillis Updated : Jan 6 , 2017 - 6:42 AM NEWLINE CHARLOTTE , N.C. - Community members and friends held a vigil Thursday night to honor a 14-year - old boy who was shot and killed while he sat in a car in east Charlotte Monday night . NEWLINE
PHOTOS : Vigil for Anthony NEWLINE Earlier in the day , Charlotte - Mecklenburg police announced a $ 15,000 reward Thursday to find the person responsible for Anthony Frazier 's slaying . NEWLINE
The crowd at the vigil released balloons in various colors and each had a specific meaning . NEWLINE
Most of the balloons also had lights attached and that 's exactly how several people described Anthony 's life . NEWLINE
" He was the light to this school , " one person said . NEWLINE
White balloons were released from his teammates on the basketball team , blue balloons from Kannapolis police . NEWLINE
It 's just amazing to see a community come together , ”
church leader Anson Phillips said .
There has to be time and space for people to grieve and to mourn . ” NEWLINE
Officers said Anthony Frazier died Tuesday at Carolinas Medical Center .
The boy is the son of a Kannapolis police officer .
CMPD revealed he had just spent a night celebrating his birthday with family members when he was shot . NEWLINE
Capt .
Brisbon says Anthony Frazier was headed home from celebrating his birthday with family members , when he was shot .
pic.twitter.com/PLmWzsCfnY —
CMPD News ( @CMPD ) January 5 , 2017 NEWLINE
Investigators said the teen and his aunt were pulling into their home on Finchley Drive , near Eastway Drive , around 10:20 p.m. when they spotted two young men hiding in the bushes . NEWLINE
Sources told Channel 9 that the two men ran , before one turned around and fired several shots , hitting Frazier while he was sitting in the backseat of the car . NEWLINE
IMAGES : CMPD responds to shooting on Eastway Drive NEWLINE " The police woke me up at 11 o'clock and asked me if I had heard any gunshots and
I said ' No I had not . '
Supposedly there was a child shot here and of course the officer told me this morning that he was in critical condition , " said neighbor Sarah Simmons . NEWLINE
The aunt drove to the 7-Eleven on Eastway Drive , less than a mile away , to call for help , detectives said . NEWLINE
At the 7-Eleven , Charlotte - Mecklenburg police roped off the gas station with crime tape .
In the parking lot , Channel 9 saw a car with its rear window shattered . NEWLINE
Police say a 14-yr - old is in serious condition after he was shot in head .
Officers investigating 2 scenes in East # CLT. More at 5AM @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/NKc7eWyTWK — Gina Esposito ( @GinaWSOC9 ) January 3 , 2017 NEWLINE
Police said Frazier was from Kannapolis and was in Charlotte visiting family . NEWLINE
Authorities have not made any arrests and said they are looking for two black males in their teens or early 20s .
One was wearing a gray hoodie and had a thin build , while the other was wearing a dark - colored hoodie and also had a thin build . NEWLINE
The suspects may hang out around the Shamrock Drive and Eastway Drive corridors , investigators said . NEWLINE
Family members pleaded Thursday for someone to come forward with information .
Anthony 's uncle spoke out and said Anthony was the kid who did everything he was supposed to do . NEWLINE
" It shattered an entire family"--uncle of Anthony Frazier
pic.twitter.com/BukbHizwC9 — Mark Becker ( @MarkBeckerWSOC9 ) January 5 , 2017 NEWLINE
Kannapolis City Schools spokeswoman Ellen Boyd said counselors were at the teen 's school , Kannapolis Middle School , to help students and staff dealing with his death . NEWLINE
Anthony was an eighth grader at the school . NEWLINE
It has hurt our community .
Teachers are grieving , students are grieving , ” assistant principal Gwen Love said .
“ We 've had a lot of students gathering in the media center and helping each other through what 's going on -- remembering the good things and questioning what happened .
” NEWLINE
The news hit especially hard in the school ’s sports program , where Anthony was a fixture . NEWLINE
“ A lot of the guys who played sports with Anthony are taking it pretty hard , ” said Jerold Griggs , who coached Anthony on the basketball team for two years .
He shared a message with Anthony ’s teammates .
“ Think about the positive ways Anthony lived , and what he did , and the ways that he loved other people , and try to keep that positivity going . ” NEWLINE
A candlelight vigil will be held for Anthony Thursday night at 6 p.m. behind the school . NEWLINE
“ When the first news came out and I got it , put out to the department , it was more of a disbelief than anything else , ”
Kannapolis Police Chief Woody Chavis said .
You just do n't fathom that one of your officers ' children has been shot .
” NEWLINE Chavis released the following statement : NEWLINE " The Kannapolis Police Department is heartbroken over the loss of one of our family members , especially as Anthony was just beginning his teenage years . NEWLINE
" Every member , of our extended family , plays an important role in our everyday lives and is critical to ensuring we are successful in carrying out our professional duties .
Our families are the backbone of our department and without them we could not survive . NEWLINE "
We are stunned that once again a senseless tragedy has impacted the lives of our children and our officers . NEWLINE "
May God place his protective and loving arms around Officer Daniel Frazier ’s family during this time of sorrow .
A special thank you to the public for all the prayers , moral support , and acts of grace which you have shown us . " NEWLINE
Call Crime Stoppers if you have information in this case .
Callers can remain anonymous when they contact the Crime Stoppers tip - line at 704.334.1600 or visit the Crime Stoppers mobile app website . NEWLINE
Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com : NEWLINE © 2017 Cox Media Group .