2017-02-20
Women killed in Covina double homicide identified as suspect ’s mother , recent girlfriend
Lucan Doi Fick , 36 , of Covina .
( Courtesy , Covina Police Department ) NEWLINE COVINA >
> Two women who died in a shooting that also left a 2-year - old boy wounded in Covina early Sunday have been identified as the mother and recent girlfriend of the parolee suspect , authorities said Monday . NEWLINE
Lucas Fick ’s mother , 70-year - old Lynda Fick , with whom the suspect lived , and his recent girlfriend , 23-year - old Nicole Biewener of Azusa , were pronounced dead at the scene of the shooting , Covina police Lt .
Ric Walczak said . NEWLINE
Biewener ’s 2-year - old son suffered a gunshot wound to his back , the lieutenant said .
After undergoing surgery , “
we’re hopeful for a full recovery , ” he said .
Fick is not the father of the boy . NEWLINE
Lucas Fick and Biewener had recently been in a dating relationship , Walczak said .
Their status at the time of the shooting was unclear . NEWLINE
Two handguns and ammunition were recovered from the Fick home . NEWLINE
Fick , 36 , is formally being held for a parole violation and suspicion of being a felon in possession of firearms .
But he remains the “ prime suspect ” in the shooting , according to Walczak . NEWLINE
The incident was reported just after midnight Sunday when Fick showed up at a neighbor ’s doorstep with Biewener ’s son . NEWLINE
Fick told the neighbor “ something bad ” had happened .
Covina police officers responded and discovered the bodies of the two women in different rooms of the Fick house , Walczak said . NEWLINE
The motive in the shooting is still under investigation .
A juvenile witness reported hearing an argument , followed by
“ what he thought was fireworks ” at the time of the incident , Walczak said .
Evidence being collected by police includes data from state parole officials from the GPS ankle bracelet worn by Lucas Fick . NEWLINE
He said there ’s currently “ no indication ” anyone else beside Lucas Fick was involved . NEWLINE
Police are seeking any additional witnesses , or anyone with information , to help investigators piece together the events of Sunday morning . NEWLINE
Staff writer Stephanie K. Baer contributed to this report .