2017-01-04
Deputies ID 6-year - old girl shot & killed in Beaufort County
Deputies have released the name of a six - year - old who was shot and killed Tuesday evening in Beaufort County . NEWLINE
They say Victoria Whitehurst , of Pinetown , was killed by an accidental gunshot wound . NEWLINE
After investigating , deputies say they learned that the girl was visiting a home on Main Street in Pinetown , staying with two other children , a 12-year - old girl and an 11-year - old boy . NEWLINE
Deputies say the 11-year - old was showing the two girls a shotgun that he got for Christmas when the gun went off .
It struck Victoria , killing her , and injuring one of the family dogs . NEWLINE
State law says all guns must be properly stored when unsupervised children are in the home .
Beaufort County Chief Deputy Charlie Rose says they are looking to see if that law applies in this case and whether any charges should be filed . NEWLINE
Relatives say the children were all related . NEWLINE
Previous Story NEWLINE
The Beaufort County Sheriff 's Office says a six - year - old girl has died following a shooting which they believe was accidental and involved another child . NEWLINE
Around 6:00 p.m. Beaufort County Sheriff ’s Deputies responded to a person shot at home on Main Street in Pinetown . NEWLINE
Deputies arrived to find the victim , a six year old girl had been fatally wounded . NEWLINE
The investigation is ongoing , but preliminary findings indicate the shooting was accidental and it was a 11-year - old boy who shot the gun . NEWLINE
The name of the child killed is being withheld pending notification of next of kin . NEWLINE
Relatives say the two children were cousins . NEWLINE
The Beaufort County Sheriff 's Office is investigating a shooting . NEWLINE
Details are limited at this time . NEWLINE
Chief Deputy Charlie Rose could only tell us that investigators were on the scene of a shooting in the Pinetown area Tuesday night . NEWLINE
We are expecting further details from him and will update the story as those become available .