2017-03-03
Family , friends ID girl killed in ' satanic ' murder
Genesis Cornejo NEWLINE HOUSTON - Family members and friends say the girl murdered by MS-13 gang members was 15-year - old Genesis Cornejo from Jersey Village . NEWLINE
Genesis disappeared on January 19 and police thought she ran away to New York with an unidentified man . NEWLINE
Instead , she ended up with the gang members who allegedly killed her as part of a satanic ritual . NEWLINE
Rosmeri Cornejo posted on Facebook that she is devastated by her daughter 's death and that " some damned gang ' took her life . NEWLINE
The MS 13 victim , right , and Genesis Cornejo , left . NEWLINE
Melissa Tagarelli worked with Rosmeri Cornejo back when they lived in New York and she 's known Genesis since she was a little girl . " NEWLINE
" When I saw her last time , she was really affectionate with her little brother , " Tagarelli said .
" She was reading to him in the waiting room and just seemed like a normal , young teen . " NEWLINE Tagarelli says the family moved to the Houston area a couple of months ago . NEWLINE
Houston police have not confirmed the girl they found shot to death in southwest Houston on February 16 was Genesis Cornejo . NEWLINE
Police also said Friday that a third underage girl is now a part of the investigation but did not release any more information on her . NEWLINE
" These are juveniles .
These are very impressionable young women .
You 're talking about 14 , 15 years old , " said HPD Sgt .
Chris Sturdivant .
" They 're with guys who are adults , who are hardened gang members . " NEWLINE
Witness : Satanic sacrifice motive for MS-13 gang murder NEWLINE
Diego Alexander Hernandez - Rivera , 18 , and Miguel Angel Alvarez - Flores , 22 , were arrested Monday and charged with murder and kidnapping . NEWLINE
Miguel Angel Alvarez - Flores ( left ) , Diego Alexander Hernandez - Rivera ( right ) NEWLINE Police connected the suspects to the murder thanks to a 14-year - old girl who said the same guys held her against her will and forced her to have sex in early February .
The girl believes Genesis was killed because she bashed a Satanic statue that belonged to the gang members . NEWLINE
The 14-year old girl told prosecutors she was passed from man to man and apartment to apartment after running away in late January .
She was eventually turned over to a group of gang members back on Feb. 2 and was held captive for more than two weeks . NEWLINE
The girl told police six gang members shared the apartment at 2900 Gessner and a guy nicknamed Diabolico called the shots .
She said the gang members fed her drugs and alcohol and forced her to have sex with a guy named Daniel . NEWLINE
Diego Alexander Hernandez - Rivera , 18 , and Miguel Angel Alvarez - Flores , 22 , are charged with murder and kidnapping . NEWLINE
" She was held down while ' Diabolico ' tattooed a grim reaper from her knee to her foot , " the judge said in court Thursday . NEWLINE
" He returned from the statue and told the entire group that the beast did not want a material offering , but wanted a soul , " the judge said .
Prosecutors say Diego Rivera has admitted he pulled the trigger . NEWLINE
One morning , the 14-year - old woke up and Genesis was gone .
The 14-year - old is now safe and she 's a major part of the case . NEWLINE
There 's an immigration hold on the suspects , which will keep them from getting out of jail .
The suspects are Salvadorian immigrants in the country illegally . NEWLINE
If you have any information about the case or the victim , please call Crime Stoppers at 713 - 222-TIPS ( 8477 ) or the NCMEC at 1 - 800-THE LOST. NEWLINE © 2017 KHOU - TV