2017-03-21
Californian gets 14 days in accidental shooting of his wife
A California man was sentenced to two weeks in jail Tuesday for trying to calm an alcohol - fueled New Year ’s dispute with a handgun , which resulted in his wife being shot in the leg . NEWLINE
Mikhail Pitsul , 21 , had pleaded guilty Thursday to misdemeanor charges of pointing a firearm at another person and recklessly endangering another person .
Four other reckless endangering charges were dismissed , and Pitsul was booked into the Deschutes County jail . NEWLINE
Deschutes County Deputy District Attorney Brigid Turner sought an 18-month probationary period , but Deschutes County Circuit Judge Beth Bagley opted for a 14-day sentence with credit for time served , and no probation . NEWLINE
Pitsul was in Sunriver with nine other people at a rental over the New Year ’s holiday .
In the early morning hours of Jan. 1 , an argument broke out that involved Pitsul , his wife , Kelly Piluyeva , his sister Tatyana Pitsul and his brother - in - law , Igor Khmelnytskyy . NEWLINE
At some point , Pitsul grabbed a gun .
According to defense attorney Leslie Nitcher ’s court testimony , a struggle over the gun took place and someone pulled the trigger .
Piluyeva was struck in the upper left thigh by a bullet .
According to both Nitcher and Turner , it is not clear who actually pulled the trigger . NEWLINE
Pitsul received a seven - day sentence for each charge .
Since he has been in jail for about a week , the jail will calculate his release date , but it is expected to be in about six more days . NEWLINE
Before sentencing , Bagley asked Pitsul why he brought a gun into the argument .
Pitsul said he brings the gun with him anytime he travels from California , saying “ anything can happen on the road .
”
As far as bringing it into the fight , he told the judge he thought it would de - escalate things . NEWLINE
“
My wife and my sister was still in the room , so I went and grabbed the gun so they could calm down , ”
Pitsul said . NEWLINE
Bagley found that rationale puzzling . NEWLINE
“ In my experience bringing a gun out has never , in the history of firearms , calmed down a situation , ” Bagley said .
“
And that proved true in this case .
” NEWLINE —
Reporter :
541 - 383 - 0376 , awieber@bendbulletin.com