2017-02-27
Warren police officer out of surgery in serious condition after accidental shooting
A Warren detective remained in serious but stable condition Monday following hours of surgery after he accidentally shot himself in the leg during a firearms training exercise . NEWLINE
The 47-year - old detective , who has been an officer in the Warren Police Department for 22 years but whose name was not divulged by officials , was injured at approximately 9:20 a.m. during annual training at the indoor gun range at the police station .
The pistol discharged once , striking him near the pocket area of his right leg .
The bullet went through the leg , exiting his inner thigh . NEWLINE
Other officers who were in the training session placed a tourniquet on his leg in an attempt to stop the severe bleeding , a source with knowledge of the incident said . NEWLINE
The wounded detective remained conscious and was placed into a police patrol car and rushed to St. John Macomb - Oakland Hospital in Warren , located about two miles from police headquarters , Deputy Police Commissioner Matt Nichols said . NEWLINE
Advertisement NEWLINE “
This just seems to be a freak accident , ”
Nichols said . NEWLINE
The detective and three other officers were paired with four Warren officers certified in firearms instruction .
The officer ’s department - issued 9 mm semi - automatic pistol discharged as he removed it from his holster or as he placed it inside , the deputy commissioner said . NEWLINE
Other officers acted quickly to assist their severely bleeding fellow officer , according to Nichols . NEWLINE
“
They did a great job , ” he said .
“
It was a concerted effort .
” NEWLINE
The detective was in stable condition and subsequently transferred to St. John Hospital and Medical Center in Detroit , where he entered surgery around noon , the source said . NEWLINE
Nichols said surgery concluded at approximately 4 p.m. , after doctors examined the extent of internal damage caused by the bullet . NEWLINE
The incident occurred approximately 90 minutes after the start of the day - long firearms training that is part of annual police certification .
Other sessions of the departmental training include CPR training , diversity training and information about blood - borne pathogens . NEWLINE
Like all reports of gunshot victims , the incident in the Police Department gun range will be investigated by the detective bureau .
Other officers who were participating in the firearms training – either for their shooting skills or as an instructor – were interviewed Monday . NEWLINE
Nichols , who spent three years ( 2010 - 13 ) as a corporal assigned full - time to the Police Department ’s training division , said each individual officer attending firearms training is supervised by one certified instructor from within the department ’s ranks in order to provide one - on - on attention .
Police officials will review whether all protocols were followed and if changes to procedures should be made , he said .