2017-03-03

Flagstaffdouble shooting leaves 20-year - old man dead , 16-year - o - azfamily.com 3TV | Phoenix Breaking News , Weather , Sport 

A20-year - old man is dead and a 16-year - old boy is wounded after a double shooting in Flagstaff . 
The man killed has been identified as Jacob M. Allen of Flagstaff 
Around 5 p.m. Friday , there were reports of gunfire at the Hal Janson Recreation Center . 
When officers responded , they found the 20-year - old Allen dead . 
Later , police were able to determine that a teen boy had been shot and wounded at that same location , but that he had taken off from the scene . to go get help . 
That victim was later located and taken to Flagstaff Medical Center . He was said to be in stable condition . His name is not being released since he is a juvenile . 
A basketball coach at the rec center said there were a lot of teenagers there during the basketball practice . 
She said she and her team heard about five big bangs , and at first thought someone was banging on the bleachers . 
Another parent sitting on bleachers said , " Everybody , run ! " 
The coach said they gathered up kids and ran out of the building . 
" I heard three gunshots and I saw the guy fall , " said one witness . 
Officers located and contacted a dark blue Suburban that was originally thought to be involved and have ruled out the occupants as suspects . Investigators are continuing to interview people and follow up on leads . 
Investigators are not actively looking for any specific suspect at this time , although that could change depending on what they learn as they follow up with witnesses and leads . 
Please call the Flagstaff Police Department at ( 928)774 - 1414 or Silent Witness at ( 928)774 - 6111 if you have any information in relation to this incident . 
Vigil outside recreation center in Flagstaff . 20 year old shot , killed . 16 yo in hospital # azfamily # cbs5az pic.twitter.com/EKyCxB0SjI — Lindsey Reiser ( @LindseyReiser ) March 4 , 2017 
Copyright 2017 KPHO/KTVK ( KPHO Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved . 