2017-02-01

Four injured in shooting at East Memphis bowling alley 

CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Memphis police are searching for a man who is accused of firing shots into Billy Hardwick 's All - Star Lanes at 1576 S. White Station Road around 11:30 p.m. Tuesday . Wochit/The Commercial Appeal 
crime tape ( Photo : File ) 
A popular East Memphis bowling alley says it 's adding security after a shooting that injured four people Tuesday night . 
The shooting started after a fight at Billy Hardwick 's All - Star Lanes at 1576 S. White Station Road around 11:30 p.m.. 
According to a police report , the front desk clerk called police after a disturbance in the lobby escalated into a fight . 
Investigators said a man left the bowling alley during the fight , went to a car and got a gun . He then fired into the building from the front door , according to a police incident report . 
Police said a 26-year - old man was shot in the arm , a 23-year - old woman was shot in the leg as she ran to avoid the gunfire and another man was shot in the foot . Police said a fourth victim , a 26-year - old man , was grazed on the right shoulder by a bullet . 
The victims were taken in noncritical condition to Baptist Memorial Hospital - Memphis . 
" It is unknown at this point if the victims were the target of the assault or if they are known to the suspect , " police said . 
When the shooting started , an employee told police that he and other employees fled to the kitchen freezer . 
Employees also told police that the man accused in the shooting is a regular customer at the bowling alley , coming to the business nightly . 
The man fled before police arrived , and no arrest had been made Wednesday . 
Billy Hardwick 's issued a statement Wednesday about the shooting , calling it " strictly an isolated and personal incident . " 
" We take the safety of our customers and employees very seriously and in the 35 years we have been in business , nothing like this has ever happened , " the business said in a statement issued through public relations firm SWN Communications . 
In addition to existing security cameras and an armed security guard who came inside the building when the fight broke out , the business will be adding additional security guards and will implement a zero - tolerance policy " regarding any behavior that could potentially lead to violence . " 
Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call police at 901 - 528 - 2274 . 
Read or Share this story : http://memne.ws/2jVlWes 