2017-04-10

Cityleaders address cruising problems after Tom Lee Park shooti - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis , Tennessee 

Twopeople have been charged after a shootout at Tom Lee Park on Sunday night . 
Police said 18-year - old Branden Gray and his 17-year - old brother were involved in a shootout with another group of men . 
The shootout happened on Riverside Drive around 7 p.m. Sunday . 
A 37-year - old woman was shot and injured during the shootout . Police believe she was an innocent bystander . She has since been released from the hospital . 
The 17-year - old , whose name has not been released , was taken to the hospital with a gunshot wound . He was later released and charged with aggravated assault . 
" I saw a lot of police and a lot of commotion , witness Dildra Williams said . 
Williams was walking at Tom Lee Park on Sunday when she heard the gunshots . 
" Chaotic . It was chaotic , " Williams said . 
Investigators said the brothers and several other men were in a shootout at the busy park . The 37-year - old woman was caught in the crossfire . 
" It 's just sad . It 's such a nice park , " Grant Parker said . 
Gray is charged with aggravated assault , tampering with/fabricating evidence , and unlawful carrying or possession of a weapon . 
There are multiple SkyCop cameras at Tom Leek Park . Police said there have been extra patrols at the park and in the area . According to police , there will be even more patrols downtown for the coming weeks , especially for Memphis in May. 
As for Williams , more patrols is a start . 
" More policemen and I wish we could come up with something to help us get along , " Williams said . 
Memphis City Council chairman Berlin Boyd said he has heard from many people about the shooting . 
" I 've been getting an abundance of emails , " Boyd said . 
He said emails poured in Sunday night , but it was n't just about the shooting at the park . The concerns were also raised about the excessive cruising along Riverside Drive and on Mud Island . 
" It brings a challenge to manage and have eyes everywhere , " Boyd said . 
Monday , Memphis Mayor Jim Strickland posted on Twitter that he and MPD Director Mike Rallings discussed the shooting and that MPD is reviewing how to proceed going forward to ensure safety , but no specifics were given . 
" It 's definitely high on my priority list , " Boyd said . 
Boyd said constituents have suggested adding no cruising zones on Mud Island or Riverside Drive or even closing parks at an earlier hour . It 's a topic he said the council will be taking up since there is a lot at stake . 
" We are definitely going to have a discussion about it and see if we can bring some police experts to the table and maybe some community stakeholders to the table and maybe we might be able to put some legislation in place , " Boyd said . 
The other group of suspects is still at large . 
Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5 . All rights reserved . 