2017-02-14

Man, toddler killed , pregnant woman injured in North Lawndale shooting 

LavontayWhite , 2 . 
CPD has very good leads in the investigation . Detectives are reviewing surveillance video . Tragically , the young boy succombed to injuries — Anthony Guglielmi ( @AJGuglielmi ) February 14 , 2017 
A man and a 2-year - old boy were killed and a pregnant woman was injured Tuesday afternoon in a shooting on Chicago 's West Side . The boy was identified as Lavontay White , according to the Cook County Medical Examiner 's Office . The man 's identity was not immediately released . The three victims were shot while sitting in a car in the 2300-block of South Kenneth Avenue in the North Lawndale neighborhood , police said . They were in an alley between South Kenneth and South Kostner when a man ran up to the car and fired multiple shots into the vehicle . Police were reviewing a Facebook Live stream that appears to show the shooting and aftermath . In it , a woman and man are seen driving in a car with a toddler visible at times in the back seat . Shots ring out , prompting the woman to run from the car , yelling for help . The police 's rundown of the triple shooting closely matches that same narrative . The community is outraged by the toddler 's death."Today , Chicago , I want to say happy Valentine 's Day , while you 're out enjoying your holiday a 2-year - old has been shot and killed on your streets , " said community activist Ja'Mal Green . Chicago police spokesperson Anthony Guglielmi said Lavontay had been resuscitated and was on life support after the shooting , but succumbed to his injuries shortly before 4 p.m. He is the second child shot and killed since Saturday . The man was pronounced dead at Stroger Hospital at about 2:45 p.m. , according to the Cook County Medical Examiner 's Office . He was in his 20s . No one was in custody Tuesday night . Chicago Police Superintendent Eddie Johnson , who was visibly angry at the press conference , said the shooter was a documented gang member known to police , and that the man was the intended victim."We believe this was a targeted shooting , so these people were looking for him . But it 's just ridiculous that we have to keep seeing children pay the price because we ca n't hold these individuals accountable . I 'm sick of it , and I know Chicago is sick of it . I just hope that our legislative partners are sick of it , " he said . Police also believe he was the injured woman 's boyfriend . The woman , who is the toddler 's aunt , is in fair condition at Mt. Sinai hospital . Guglielmi said she is pregnant and that both she and her unborn baby were in fair condition after the shooting . They do not know how far into the pregnancy she is , he said . Police said they would review several other pieces of video and said they have promising leads in their search for the shooter."And I hope our legislative partners are looking right now . We have yet another innocent child in Chicago that can lose their life over senseless gun violence . I was promised that we would have some gun legislation in January and it 's now the middle of February and it 's still not here , " Johnson said."Gun laws will not reduce the violence in the city of Chicago . More police officers will not reduce violence in the city of Chicago . We have economic issues in this city that we have to address . We need more community centers . We need to invest in education . We need to invest in housing . We need to invest in jobs , " Green said . Mayor Rahm Emanuel released a statement Tuesday evening : 