2017-03-16

ToddlerShot Playing ‘ Cops And Robbers’ In ‘ Deplorable Conditions’ 

(CBS ) — A 3-year - old boy was critically wounded when he was accidentally shot in the head Thursday evening while playing “ cops and robbers ” with other children in Englewood . 
Police called the shooting in the 6200 block of South Aberdeen Street “ a travesty . ” 
Officers were called to the home around 5 p.m. Thursday , and found a 3-year - old boy who had been shot in the head . 
Police said it appeared to have been an accident that happened while the toddler was playing a game of “ cops and robbers ” with other kids , who were home alone at the time . However , it was not clear if the child shot himself , or if he was shot by a playmate . 
The boy was taken to Comer Children ’s Hospital . Sources said he was out of surgery Friday morning , but was still in very critical condition . 
Police said the children had been left alone in “ deplorable conditions , ” and a “ sizeable ” amount of drugs was found inside the home . 
A travesty . Kids left in deplorable conditions alone & were playing cops & robbers . Sizeable amount of drugs found & parents in cpd custody https://t.co/DJad2WLGqQ — Anthony Guglielmi ( @AJGuglielmi ) March 17 , 2017 
The parents were taken into custody and were being questioned Friday morning . 
According to the Chicago Tribune , the mother has a Firearm Owner ’s Identification Card for a .40-caliber weapon . Activist Andrew Holmes said this case serves as a warning to other parents about the dangers of having guns in homes with children . 
“ Guns don’t belong in the house with children , and if they are in the house , they’re supposed to have safety locks on them . So whether or not , whose gun it is , it ’s up to the Chicago Police Department to trace that gun , but I wish that gun had never been inside that home in the first place , ” he said . 
Mayor Rahm Emanuel said he tried to reach out to the family . 
“ Obviously , our sympathies are with the family , the mother and family , and all their family , and the other kids who witnessed something like this , ” he said . “ Your heart goes out to everybody , and obviously I think I can say this with absolute confidence that the family and the child are in everybody ’s prayers here in the city . ” 
No charges had been filed in the case as of 7:30 a.m. Friday . Area South detectives were investigating . 