2017-02-12

Shooting, drugs and love fraud : February 12 , 2017 Trentonian Police Blotter 

Theinformation below was provided by police unless otherwise noted . 
Trenton 
Shooting : A 13-year - old male suffered a gunshot wound to his thigh Saturday night . Officials say police found the teen sitting on the front porch of a home on Jersey Street around 11:10 p.m. The gun was found nearby , according to police officials who say the circumstances surrounding the shooting remain unclear . The teen was treated at the hospital for a non - life - threatening gunshot wound . 
Hopewell 
Lack of Support : Melvyn Threatt Peters , 57 , of Lambertville , was arrested for failing to pay child support . Police say Peters was stopped after a random license inquiry showed the owner of the vehicle was wanted in connection with a child support warrant . That wanted person turned out to be Peters , so he was arrested . Peters was also cited for driving while suspended , uninsured vehicle , and failure to exhibit documents . 
Burglary : Approximately $ 1,500 worth of copper pipes were stolen from the basement of a vacant home on Bayberry Road . 
Advertisement 
Teen Pot Bust : Tyler John , 18 , of Pennington , David Meltretter , 18 , and a 17-year - old male from Pennington Borough were arrested after police allegedly found them in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia during a traffic stop . Police say they stopped the trio on Dublin Road after the driver , identified as John , made an illegal left turn from Route 546 . 
Pot Bust Too : Darrell Spencer , 18 , and two 17-year - old males were arrested after police found them in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia . Officials say police were dispatched to a parking lot on Heritage Court to investigate a report of two suspicious cars . The teens occupied the cars and the drugs were found during the investigation . 
Burglary Plot : Someone cut the wires of an exterior security camera on a Wrick Avenue home . The damage is estimated at $ 100 . 
Drugs and Alcohol : Jason Greco , 20 , of West Trenton , and Francis Medina , 19 , of Dayton , were arrested after police allegedly found marijuana and a bottle of vodka in a car they occupied during a traffic stop . Police say the pair was stopped on Todd Ridge Road after a stop sign violation . 
Mount Laurel 
School Trespassing : A custodian at Harrington Middle School told police three to five juveniles entered the gym after school hours and began to play basketball . When the custodian told the kids they had to leave , the juveniles left , but returned a short time later and tore papers off the walls while running through the hallways and taunting the custodian . The kids left the school when they learned police were on the way . 
Love Fraud : A 38-year - old man who claims he was involved in an online relationship on Match.com told police the woman scammed him . The man said he was involved in the online relationship for several years , and that he occasionally wired money to someone he believed to be his girlfriend . The man eventually sent the woman $ 600 for a flight to Philadelphia , but she never arrived . The man then contacted the woman , police say , and she asked for another $ 2,000 . That ’s when the victim realized he was being scammed and did not send the money . 
Bristol , Pa. 
Missing Purse : A purse containing credit cards and sunglasses was stolen out of a vehicle that was parked in the 3200 block of Glenrose Avenue . The loss is estimated at $ 70 . 
Auto Vandalism : Someone slashed all four tires on a 2015 Buick that was parked in the 300 block of Dogwood Drive . The damage is estimated at $ 291 . 
Old School Prank : Someone egged a 1995 Dodge , a 2002 Dodge , and a 1996 Ford , which were all parked on Indian Creek Drive . 
Trentonian & DFM 