2017-02-17

PlainclothesNYPD Officers Kill Bed - Stuy Teen After Alleged Shoot - Out 

EASTNEW YORK , BROOKLYN — Kadeem Torres , a 17-year - old from Bed - Stuy , was shot and killed by police Thursday afternoon after allegedly firing at NYPD officers in East New York . Torres , who lived on Willoughby Avenue , was fatally shot in an alleyway between two homes on Belmont Avenue after a shoot - out with three police officers in plainclothes , cops said . 
The fatal shooting occurred in East New York at 890 Belmont Ave . at around 3:50 p.m. , according to police . A three - person anti - crime unit with one sergeant and two police officers from the 75th precinct were patrolling Fountain and Blake avenues in East New York based on information they had received of a " potential retaliatory gang shooting " in the Cypress Houses , a public housing project in the area , NYPD chief of patrol Terence Monahan said in Thursday 's press conference . 
The officers saw Torres running from the Cypress Houses and began to follow him in their police car , Monahan said . After around two blocks of following him , on Logan Street , the officers approached Torres . When the sergeant and one of the officers got out of their car , Torres drew a revolver and fired it at them , according to Monahan . 
The officers shot back , and Torres escaped on - foot for two blocks , entering a backyard at 840 Belmont Ave , Monahan said . One officer followed Torres into an alley and confronted him while he was still armed , Monahan said . The officer then fired a fatal shot at Torres , Monahan said . The teen was pronounced dead at the scene . 
Torres ' Facebook profile said he attended Boys and Girls High School , a public school in Bed - Stuy . Dozens of the boy 's friends posted about their loss on Facebook after finding out about his death . 
" I would of never thought it would of been you ... such a kind hearted person , " one friend wrote . 
" You were chipper bubbly n fun to endorse and be around i will never forget our convos ya voice ya laugh ya personality n ya favorite ham sandwhiches of course will miss you deeply the hardest L TO TAKE THIS YEAR SO THIS YEAR WILL BE GRIND TIME JUST FOR YOU I LOVE YOU MAN IN ALWAYS WILL FOREVER MY FAV LIL BRO , " another friend wrote . 
Kadeem Torres , 17 , was fatally shot by an NYPD officer after a shoot - out in East New York , cops said . 
For the latest on East New York and Brownsville crime , subscribe to the East New York and Brownsville Patch for email newsletters and news alerts that go straight to your phone . 
Investigators do n't yet know whether Torres had any connection to the gang shooting that spurred the shoot - out in the first place , police chief Terence A. Monahan said . 
A witness heard around 10 or 11 shots during this second shoot - out , he told the New York Times . 
Investigators recovered a silver .32-caliber revolver from the scene , cops said . 
This is a developing story , refresh the page for updates . 
Photos of Torres via Facebook 