2017-01-30

Trenton teen shot in leg , numerous drug busts in capital city : Jan. 30 , 2017 Police Blotter 

The following items are based on information from police , unless otherwise noted : 
TRENTON 
Teen Shot : A 17-year - old Trenton boy was shot in the leg early Monday in the West Ward . The victim reported he and his friends were walking on the 100 block of Laurel Avenue near Volk Street when he heard multiple gunshots coming from a vehicle about 3:50 a.m. The teenager realized he was shot in the lower part of his left leg and his friends transported him to Capital Health Regional Medical Center for treatment to his wound that was not considered life - threatening . Trenton Police responded to the scene when a ShotSpotter system activation indicated 11 gunshots were fired in that area . Patrol units at the scene found 11 9mm shell casings and four .22 caliber casings . In addition to the victim being shot in his leg , there were two vehicles and a house on the 100 block of Laurel Avenue also shot up in the incident . Police as of Monday afternoon made no arrests in the wild gunplay , but the Mercer County Shooting Response Team was continuing its ongoing investigation . 
Drug Arrests : Trenton men Joshua Lopez , 19 , and Corties Parks , 26 , were arrested Sunday evening on drug distribution charges when the Trenton Police Street Crimes Unit interrupted a suspected narcotics transaction in the area of Hart Avenue and Hurley Street . Lopez allegedly attempted to flee on foot and was subsequently apprehended about 5:20 p.m. Sunday and found to be in alleged possession of 9 grams of suspected marijuana . Police said Parks attempted to swallow some Xanax pills and marijuana prior to his arrest . Police confiscated the 9 grams of suspected marijuana from Lopez and confiscated two Xanax pills and one gram of marijuana from Parks , police alleged . Lopez was charged with possession of marijuana under 50 grams with intent to distribute , hindering apprehension , resisting arrest and obstructing the administration of law ; Parks was charged with similar offenses and also had several active warrants , police said . 
Another Drug Bust : Craig Lane , 29 , of Trenton , was arrested late Sunday night on drug charges when police smelled a strong odor of marijuana and found him in alleged possession of 12 grams of weed . Trenton ’s Street Crime Unit detectives were patrolling the 100 block of Oakland Street about 11:40 p.m. when they saw a group of suspicious males and smelled the strong odor of marijuana . One of the males in the group , identified as Craig Lane , was placed under arrest when police found him in alleged possession of marijuana . Police charged him with possession of marijuana under 50 grams and possession of marijuana with the intent to distribute it within 500 feet of a park . 
Advertisement 
Yet Another Drug Bust : Jarron Colvin , 23 , of Norway Avenue , Hamilton Township , and Faron Riley , 36 , of Trenton , were arrested on drug charges late Sunday night subsequent to a motor vehicle stop . Trenton Police Street Crimes Unit detectives conducted a motor vehicle investigation on the 100 block of North Olden Avenue about 10:10 p.m. and found Riley in alleged possession of two Percocet pills and confiscated $ 585 from him . Police found Colvin in alleged possession of 90 decks of suspected heroin and confiscated $ 282 from him in U.S. currency . When detectives searched the vehicle , they found a 9mm black semiautomatic Hi - Point Firearms handgun loaded with eight rounds of hollow - point ammunition . Colvin and Riley were both charged with possession of a controlled dangerous substance with the intent to distribute it and weapons offenses . 