2017-01-04

Seconddeath by stray bullet spurs action at Dallas nightclub 

AzureBanquet Hall ( Photo : WFAA ) 
DALLAS - Broken glass and bullet holes mark the scene of a deadly New Year ’s Eve shooting at the Azure Banquet off Skillman Road . It 's not the first shooting that 's happened there , but a man claiming to be the club 's owner told News 8 it will be the last . 
Nineteen - year - old Christian Dawson died in the early hours of 2017 . He was killed by a bullet that was n't meant for him . Dawson ’s death was the first murder of 2017 . 
Christian Dawson . Photo : Courtesy ( Photo : WFAA ) 
" I do n't even remember , I do n't even remember , time just stood still and I froze , ” said Audrey Dawson , Christian 's Mother . “ I could n't comprehend what was happening . ” 
Dawson was a sophomore at Langston University in Oklahoma . He was raised in North Texas and his family had recently relocated to Ohio . Christian was ringing in the new year inside a party held at Azure Banquet Hall -- a rental space on the second floor of a strip mall . 
Dallas Police said a shooter unloaded bullets , wounding four people -- hitting and killing Christian . Friends told Christian 's mother that he died shielding a female partygoer from danger . 
Christian Dawson 's parents ( Photo : WFAA ) 
" As unimaginable as it is to think that he 's not here -- to know that he sacrificed himself to save someone else speaks volumes , " Audrey Dawson said . 
Their pain is very real . It ’s also very similar to the pain felt by the friends and family of 19-year - old Cassandra Subi . 
“ We know that bullets don’t have a name , but then at the same time , why here ? She was at the right place right time , ” Ladrea Lyons , a friend of Subi 's , told News 8 in August . “ It was too soon , to soon . ” 
Cassandra Subi . Photo : Courtesy ( Photo : WFAA ) 
The Skyline High School student was killed in the parking lot of the venue by a stray bullet . 
Both parties were private and both were inside the Azure Banquet Hall . 
Sources with Dallas Police said they 've responded to multiple calls at this location , and , in the last sixth months , we 've told you about two murders there -- Cassandra Subi and Christian Dawson . 
A man , who did not give his name but claimed to be the venue owner , told News 8 by phone he was " freaked out and totally concerned " by the situation . 
He also said he 's shutting down the venue and has asked his landlord to get him out of his lease . 
The move is hardly a comfort to Marcus Dawson , a father who has lost a son . 
" He would tell us to use this time to bring some positive to this and to this environment -- too continue to speak out about the senseless violence that 's going on , ” Marcus Dawson said . 
Police said that no arrest has been made in Subi 's or Dawson 's case . If you have any information you 're asked to call Dallas Police : 1 - 877 - 373-Tips 
Copyright 2016 WFAA 