2017-02-13

Mother, boyfriend facing multiple charges after 6-year - old shot , - KMOV.com 

Investigatorsin the 6300 block of Minnie after a girl was shot and killed Monday ( Credit : KMOV ) 
ST. LOUIS , Mo. ( KMOV.com ) – The mother of a 6-year - old girl and her boyfriend are facing multiple charges after her daughter was shot and killed Monday morning . 
Mi’Kenzi Bostic was shot and killed while inside her home on Minnie Avenue , near Goodfellow and Florissant , in north St. Louis around 1:30 a.m. According to authorities , the girl was pronounced dead on the scene . 
Bostic 's 27-year - old mother , Ebony Jones , and her boyfriend , 31-year - old Jeramee Ramey , were taken into police custody for questioning following the shooting . According to police , the duo were asleep inside the house at the time of the incident . 
" At one o'clock in the morning when a 9-year - old is able to get to a gun and shoot a 6-year - old there are n't adequate safeguards in place in that house , " said St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson . 
Three other children , ages 9 , 4 and 3 , were also inside the house at the time of the shooting . 
According to court documents , when police arrived at the home , they found a loaded 9mm handgun with an extended magazine sitting on a box in the entryway outside the room Bostic was in . Jones reportedly told police Ramey brought the gun into the home . 
Ramey told police he and Jones had smoked narcotics and fell asleep in the front room of the house earlier in the evening , leaving the handgun unsecured on the floor and the children unsupervised . 
Court documents state the 9-year - old inside the home shot Bostic while handling the gun after asking her to retrieve it . 
Dotson said , " Do I believe that a 9-year - old can make a rational decision in this case ? No , I do n't . Do I believe it was an accident ? I hope it was and I do believe it is . " 
Tuesday morning , officials announced Jones and Ramey had each been charged with second - degree involuntary manslaughter and three counts of endangering the welfare of a child . 
" It sends a message that we have to take gun ownership seriously that parents have to be parents and they have to be aware of what their children are doing , " said Dotson . 
" I 've got little sisters and brothers too and I ca n't even picture how I would feel or how I would react on something like this , " said one neighbor who did not want to reveal his name . 
The shooting hit home for people living in the neighborhood , they want to know what happened and why . 
" It 's doing something now to even think a 6-year - old lost her life over something we basically have no control over , " said the neighbor . 
" The parents in the house need to be more careful , not saying they should n't have guns in the house , they just need to be more careful with the kids in the house , " said a neighbor . 
Bill Jacobs , who lives in the area , said , " If ya'll got guns in the house and ya'll got kids , I just feel like they were n't paying enough attention to those kids , there 's some other stuff people need to investigate . " 
We tried to reach out to the family , but no one was home . While neighbors we spoke with said they do n't know them very well , they 're thinking about them during this tragic time . 
" My condolences go out to the family , my prayers go out to the family ‘ cause I mean that ai n't nothing to be proud of or nothing to be excited about , " a neighbor said . 
The investigation is ongoing . 
Copyright 2017 KMOV ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved . 