2017-03-26

1dead , 15 hurt in mass shooting at Cincinnati nightclub - Cincinnati News , FOX19-WXIX TV 

Morethan one shooter hurt 15 people and killed one man inside a crowded club Sunday morning . 
Gunfire broke out around 1:30 a.m. at Cameo Nightclub , located at 4601 Kellogg Avenue in Cincinnati 's East End . 
The deceased man was identified as O'Bryan Spikes , 27 . Two victims are in critical condition , seven are in stable condition and another five were treated and released from care . 
Cincinnati Police said the shooting resulted from a dispute between several men and escalated into shots being fired inside the club . 
Multiple shooters were involved , Chief Eliot Isaac said . Initial reports indicated a conflicting number of shooters . It 's not clear whether a gunman is among the 15 wounded patrons . 
Four off - duty police officers patrol the parking lot and the club employs its own internal security . Despite that , multiple firearms somehow made it into the building , according to Eliot . 
Several hundred people were inside the large club . Rescue efforts were slightly delayed due to confusion of club - goers fleeing the scene and several people were injured while trying to escape . 
" A lot of chaos , obviously , when shots were fired . People were just trying to get out and get out of harm 's way , " said Captain Kimberly Williams . 
Police have received multiple witness accounts and are working to determine what is actually fact , according to Isaac . 
" People were just going to have a good time and got shot . That is totally unacceptable , " said Mayor John Cranley . 
No arrests have been made and city leaders are urging the public to come forward with any information . 
The Cameo club has a history of gun violence including a shooting inside the club on New Years Day 2015 and a shooting in the parking lot in September of the same year , according to City Manger Harry Black . 
" Saturday night is a very young crowd . We have had incidents here in the past , but this is the worst by far , " said Williams . 
Multiple assaults have been reported at Cameo Nightclub from 2014 to 2016 . 
Federal agents have been called to the scene and Ohio Gov. John Kasich offered the state 's assistance in the investigation . 
Copyright 2017 WXIX. All rights reserved . 