2017-01-05

Police say shooting death of 10-year - old Clearwater boy was suicide 

CLEARWATER — A Belleair Elementary School student died Thursday after shooting himself in his home , police said . 
Ian Sevostjanov , 10 , fired the lone gunshot while his mother " was addressing a behavioral issue as he was preparing to go to school , " according to a Clearwater police news release . 
Detectives ruled the case a suicide and are continuing to investigate , including looking at how the gun was stored . Police said it was a handgun , but would not give further details . 
Officials responded to the first - floor residence at Lindru Gardens Apartments at 711 S Lincoln Ave . at 8:27 a.m. , where paramedics unsuccessfully tried to revive the boy . 
The fifth - grader was home with his mother , Olga Grusetskaja Sevostjanov , 49 . His father , Leonid Sevostjanov , and brother were not home . 
There have been no instances over the past two years in which police have responded to disturbance calls at the residence , according to Clearwater police spokesman Rob Shaw . 
Pinellas County schools spokeswoman Lisa Wolf said grief counselors were at Belleair Elementary on Thursday for student and staff support . 
Suicide among adolescents is extremely rare but is the second - leading cause of death for kids ages 10 to 14 , an age group that has few deaths , said American Association of Suicidology president David Miller . 
Miller said there are questions about how children can really conceptualize the finality of death . And because the rate of suicide has increased 24 percent among all age groups over the past 15 years , Miller said it should be seen as a " major public health problem . " 
" I think a critical point is that we take suicidal behavior seriously , " Miller said . " We know , for example , that most people that die by suicide have communicated suicidal thoughts or plans to other people . Often parents do n't know — it 's not their fault , it 's no one 's fault . But we have to be alert and understand that although suicide among 10-year - old children is very rare , it does occur , and we need to be aware of the warning signs . " 
According to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention , more than twice as many people die by suicide in the state annually than by homicide , with 3,035 total suicides in Florida in 2016 . 
It 's unclear how long the Sevostjanovs lived in Clearwater , but records show the family 's previous home on Regina Drive in Largo went into foreclosure in 2007 . 
Former neighbor Maryann Dodson , 77 , said she remembers Olga Grusetskaja being pregnant and then Ian being born . She remembers the family 's excitement for the baby 's arrival . 
The Sevostjanovs were " quiet neighbors , " Dodson said , and other than a few times Olga waved hello over the backyard fence , they kept to themselves . She said the parents eventually got behind on their house payments , were foreclosed on and left all their belongings behind . 
Times staff researcher Caryn Baird contributed to this report . Contact Tracey McManus at tmcmanus@tampabay.com or ( 727 ) 445 - 4151 . Follow @TroMcManus . 