2017-04-10

17-year- old dies after apparent accidental shooting in Lower Macungie 

Motherspeaks out about losing son 
LOWER MACUNGIE TWP. , Pa. - The coroner said a 17-year - old boy died after an incident in Lehigh County Saturday afternoon . 
Chris Perez , of Allentown , was pronounced dead at Lehigh Valley Hospital - Cedar Crest . 
Pennsylvania State Police said several juveniles were involved in what appears to be an accidental shooting in the 3900 block of Orchard Road , Lower Macungie Township around 3:40 p.m. Saturday . 
Several state police troopers were at the home most of Saturday afternoon and evening . 
Neighbors told 69 News they saw a group of kids running back and forth from the home right before police arrived . 
State police are not releasing any more information at this time but said a release with more information would be sent out . 
While state police police believe the shooting to be accidental , they said they are continuing to investigate the incident . 
Perez 's mother , Jeannette Segarra , said she does not understand how such a thing could have happened . 
" I rushed to the hospital but my son was already dead . He was dead a long time , " Segarra said . 
Segarra said she knows all of her son 's friends , except for the boy who picked her son up Saturday from the family 's home around 1:30 pm . She said that boy took her son to his house . 
Segarra said she still has several unanswered questions , Including how this could have happened . She feels that someone needs to be held accountable for her son 's death . 
" I do n't understand how a parent can allow a kid to have weapons in his room , in his closet , " she said . " I do n't see myself leaving weapons in the house with my kids inside . " 
Segarra said her son Chris was always very respectful and that he loved to play video games . 
He was a student at William Allen High School and the Lehigh Career and Technical Institute . 
Segarra said he wanted to be a marine when he graduated from high school . 
A GoFundMe was set up to help with funeral costs and other expenses . 
An autopsy is scheduled for Monday to determine the cause and manner of death . 
The Lehigh County Coroner 's Office and Pennsylvania State Police are investigating the incident . 