2017-02-25

HPD: 8-year - old shot , killed after accident in south Houston 

Imageof De'Maree Adkins . ( Photo : Courtesy of family ) 
HOUSTON - An 8-year - old girl was shot and killed after being involved in a car accident in southwest Houston early Saturday morning , according to the Houston Police Department Homicide Division . 
De'Maree Adkins was an honor roll student at Mac Gregor Elementary , as well as an aspiring violinist . 
" I loved that little girl . She was my pride . My joy , " said Toyia Jarmon , De'Maree 's mother . " I ca n't imagine life without her . I really ca n't . " 
The girl described as " smart , " " outgoing " and " beautiful " by her family was shot and killed just a mile from home . 
" My baby did n't deserve this , " Jarmon said . 
De'Maree was asleep in the backseat of Jarmon 's car around 1 a.m. Saturday when Jarmon said a white Pontiac crashed into her at the intersection of West Fuqua and Beltway 8 . 
Vehicles can be seen at the scene of the accident and homicide early Saturday morning on W. Fuqua at S. Sam Houston Parkway . ( Photo : KHOU 11 News ) 
" When I checked on her , she did n't even know what had happened because she was asleep . I said , ' Baby , you OK ? ' She said , ' Yeah , I 'm OK. What happened ? ' " said Jarmon . 
Within seconds , that changed , according to Jarmon . She said another car pulled up next to her and a woman inside opened fire , hitting De'Maree in the chest . 
" Why would you do that ? Why would you pull out a gun over an accident ? A simple accident . Cars can be replaced . My baby ca n't be replaced , " Jarmon said . 
Houston Police are n't sure if there was a connection between the other two cars , such as whether they were chasing or racing each other . Officers said the drivers of both cars took off and , so far , have not been found . 
Paramedics took De'Maree to Memorial Hermann , where she died . 
" I 'm never going to be able to wake her up in the morning for school . I ca n't comb her hair . I ca n't give her a kiss , no hug , no nothing . Because of you , whoever you are , " said Jarmon . 
Houston Police do n't know yet who pulled the trigger , but Melvin Jarmon Sr . , De'Maree 's grandfather , hopes that person 's conscience catches up with them soon . 
" You were man or woman enough to pull that trigger , " he said . " You need to man up , turn yourself in and take your punishment . " 
Police have described the vehilce that feld the scene as a dark , four - door sedan . They do n't have any suspects in custody and the motive is unknown . 
Crime Stoppers is offering an award up to $ 5,000 for information that leads to an arrests and charges . 
If you know any information about the case , please contact HPD Homicide Division at ( 713 ) 308 - 3600 or Crime Stoppers at ( 713 ) 222 - 8477 . 
( © 2017 KHOU ) 