2017-04-06

Police : Tuesday morning shooting on Dresden Drive ruled accidental 

Updated : 
A shooting that left a 12-year - old with a graze wound Tuesday morning has been ruled accidental , said police spokesman Brandon Maynard . 
The shooting happened inside the apartment in the 600 block of Dresden Drive , and police are no longer looking for suspects , Maynard said . 
Previously , 
A 12-year - old girl was grazed by a bullet that was shot through an apartment in the South Morrison area of Newport News Thursday morning , police said . 
Officers and medics responded to the shooting in the 600 block of Dresden Drive just after 7:15 a.m. , police spokesman Brandon Maynard said in a news release . 
Caption Weather front rolls in with heavy rain and blowing winds today Weather front rolls in with heavy rain and blowing winds around City Center area of Newport News at 12noon today . Weather front rolls in with heavy rain and blowing winds around City Center area of Newport News at 12noon today . Caption Weather front rolls in with heavy rain and blowing winds today Weather front rolls in with heavy rain and blowing winds around City Center area of Newport News at 12noon today . Weather front rolls in with heavy rain and blowing winds around City Center area of Newport News at 12noon today . Caption Filming TV show the Turn in Yorktown this morning Filming TV show the Turn in Yorktown this morning . Filming TV show the Turn in Yorktown this morning . Caption Video : Truck crashes into light pole at City Center Boulevard Caption 3 people taken to hospital after truck overturns in crash near City Center Three people were taken to the hospital — two with Advanced Life Support and one with Basic Life Support — after a crash at Rock Landing and Diligence drives in City Center . Three people were taken to the hospital — two with Advanced Life Support and one with Basic Life Support — after a crash at Rock Landing and Diligence drives in City Center . Caption Shooting in 600 block Dresden Drive wounds 1 person , Newport News police say Police and medics responded to the 600 block of Dresden Drive to a report of a shooting victim . Police and medics responded to the 600 block of Dresden Drive to a report of a shooting victim . There they found someone suffering from a graze wound , according to police spokesman Lou Thurston . 
There , they found the girl suffering from a graze wound to her face , Maynard said . 
Police think the girl was upstairs in the apartment when a bullet was shot through the window . She was taken to the hospital with a wound that is not believed to be life - threatening , he said . 
The investigation is ongoing , and police do not have suspect information to release . Anyone with information that can assist police should call the anonymous Crime Line at 1 - 888-LOCK - U - UP. 
Previously , 
Newport News police are investigating a shooting in the South Morrison area of the city Thursday morning . 
Caption Video : Police investigate deadly shooting in Hampton Hampton police investigate after a male was shot and killed in the area of Quash and Foley streets March 28 , 2017 . Hampton police investigate after a male was shot and killed in the area of Quash and Foley streets March 28 , 2017 . Caption Video : Police investigate deadly shooting in Hampton Hampton police investigate after a male was shot and killed in the area of Quash and Foley streets March 28 , 2017 . Hampton police investigate after a male was shot and killed in the area of Quash and Foley streets March 28 , 2017 . Caption Video : Truck crashes into light pole at City Center Boulevard Caption 3 people taken to hospital after truck overturns in crash near City Center Three people were taken to the hospital — two with Advanced Life Support and one with Basic Life Support — after a crash at Rock Landing and Diligence drives in City Center . Three people were taken to the hospital — two with Advanced Life Support and one with Basic Life Support — after a crash at Rock Landing and Diligence drives in City Center . Caption Shooting in 600 block Dresden Drive wounds 1 person , Newport News police say Police and medics responded to the 600 block of Dresden Drive to a report of a shooting victim . Police and medics responded to the 600 block of Dresden Drive to a report of a shooting victim . Caption 80-year - old driver crashes into the Love Shack on J. Clyde Morris Blvd in Newport News An 80-year - old driver slams his car into the Love Shack due to a medical emergency . An 80-year - old driver slams his car into the Love Shack due to a medical emergency . 
Police and medics responded to the 600 block of Dresden Drive to a report of a shooting victim . 
There they found someone suffering from a graze wound , according to police spokesman Lou Thurston . 
Police are on scene investigating . No further information has been released . 