2017-03-06

Teen charged after shooting chase suspect 

Anthony Bentley . ( Photo : HPD ) 
Late Monday the other side of the story began emerging in the shooting of a teenager who was running from police . The boy was shot by another teen , who says he was trying to help Houston police . 
As of Monday night , Derrick Green , 17 , was still in ICU at Ben Taub after his mom says he was shot three times in the back while running away . 
However , the attorney for the teen accused of shooting him told KHOU late Monday his client has never been in trouble with the law and was trying to help police . 
Nearly a week later , the reminders are still fresh of the Feb. 28 shooting that happened between two homes on the 9800 block of Canoga in the Spring Branch area . 
Janice Albrecht , who lives nearby , said she heard several gunshots just moments after hearing a car hit the fire hydrant outside , 
" All the police cars started coming , speeding up into the driveway , ” said Albrecht . “ ( Police were ) getting out of the cars with the guns drawn . " 
Anthony Bentley , 17 , who lives blocks away , was arrested at the scene . He was charged with Aggravated Assault for allegedly shooting 17-year - old Derrick Green after Green got out of that stolen car . 
" ( Green ) was n't even charging the young man , ” said community activist Quanell X. “ He had his back to ( Bentley ) running away , so where was the dangerous life threatening circumstance shooting this man three times from behind ? " 
Now , Quanell X is calling on the Harris County District Attorney ’s office to upgrade the charge of Aggravated Assault to Attempted Murder . 
“ We believe very well that attempted murder could be proven in this case because this young man was shot in the back three times , ” said Quanell X. “ He had no weapon . He later added , " The charge needs to be sufficient to make sure that somebody else does n't do the same thing . ” 
" ( Bentley is ) devastated that he shot this guy , ” said Joseph Gutheinz , Bentley ’s defense attorney . “ He never wanted to shoot anybody . " 
Gutheinz says his client was driving his mom 's car to the bank that Tuesday afternoon when he got a message from a fellow member of HPD Explorers , a program for teens and young adults interested in law enforcement , about the manhunt for a suspect after HPD Officers Ronny Cortez and Jose Munoz had been shot in Southwest Houston a short time earlier . 
“ ( Bentley ) drives a block , almost gets wiped out by someone going 60 70 miles an hour through a residential neighborhood , ” said Gutheinz , referring to Green ’s vehicle . “ He hears the sirens in background but knows there ’s not a line of sight . He says Bentley had only planned to call police when Green 's car crashed into the fire hydrant and was “ totally believing that this guy just shot the two police officers ” . 
“ ' ( Bentley ) never left the car , ” said Gutheinz . “ ( Bentley ) points the gun at ( Green ) , says ‘ stop’ , thinking that the police were gonna be there in a second . " 
That ’s when he says Green ran behind a “ metal object ” between the two homes , then “ turned on him as though he was gonna fire back on him . He says that ’s when his client fired four shots with a gun kept in the car for protection . 
Bentley is out of jail after posting $ 30,000 bond . No one answered the door at the address listed in court records . 
A neighbor tells KHOU he ’s seen Bentley out in the neighborhood with a gun before , including one time when he says Bentley walked over to a vacant home he believed was being burglarized . 
Dane Schiller , Director of Communications for the Harris County District Attorney ’s Office , told KHOU in an emailed statement , “ We are evaluating all facts and evidence in the case . It has not been presented to the grand jury . At that time , additional charges or a different charge may be considered . © 2017 KHOU - TV 