2017-02-23

Manclaims dog shot sleeping woman 

JACKSONVILLE, Fla. - The old journalism adage is that " dog bites man " is n't a story , but " man bites dog " is . Nobody ever said anything about " dog shoots woman . " 
According to a Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office incident report , a man told police that his dog shot his girlfriend in the leg . 
It happened late Tuesday night at a home on Patuou Drive West in the Herlong neighborhood on the city 's Westside . 
Police said a man and a woman were sleeping when they were woken up by the man 's dog , Diesel . 
The man told officers that he got up to let the dog outside , and when they came back inside , Diesel walked back into the dark bedroom where the man 's girlfriend was still sleeping . 
The man then saw a " flash and a bang " -- it 's believed that the dog jumped up on the nightstand , causing a Springfield XD40 to discharge , according to the report . 
The 25-year - old woman was hit in the leg . She was taken to Orange Park Medical Center with non - life - threatening injuries . 
The woman told police that she did n't know how it happened . She said she was sleeping and was awakened by a throbbing pain in her leg . 
Neighbors said they were left confused by the freak accident . Donald Hanlon has lived on Patou Drive West for 35 years , and he said Tuesday night was the most commotion that the neighborhood has ever seen . 
" Lights , sirens , big commotion -- I just wanted to know what was going on . I was just weirded out by the entire street being taped off and what the crime scene unit was doing , " Hanlon said . " I was just overwhelmed by the commotion and come to find out that something like that happened . " 
News4Jax went to the home across the street from Hanlon 's house , where the incident happened , but no one came to the door . 
Neighbors , including Hanlon , said they feel like it was an accident . 
" I think , either way , there was a weapon involved , " Hanlon said . " I do n't think it was intentional , but I do n't think the dog could do it . " 
The dog ’s owner does have a child , but the child was not at home at the time , News4Jax was told . 
The JSO report obtained Wednesday is purely an information report . News4Jax crime and safety analyst Gil Smith said it 's possible that officers will continue the investigation by testing the gun , for example , to see if it 's possible the dog could have fired the weapon accidentally . 
Smith was n't surprised by the case , saying , " stranger things have happened . " 
Copyright 2017 by WJXT News4Jax - All rights reserved . 