2017-01-25

12-year- old among 7 wounded in Greater Grand Crossing shooting 

12-year- old among 7 wounded in Greater Grand Crossing shooting 
Chicago Police on the scene where at seven people were shot Wednesday night in the 500 block of East 75th St. | Sam Charles/Sun - Times 
A mass shooting at a memorial Wednesday night on the South Side left seven people wounded , including a 12-year - old boy . 
About 8:15 p.m. , officers responding to a calls of shots fired found the victims inside a restaurant in the 500 block of East 75th Street , according to Chicago Police . 
A bullet grazed the boy ’s head , and he was taken in good condition to Comer Children ’s Hospital , according to police and fire officials . 
A 16-year - old boy shot in the neck and a 20-year - old woman with wounds to the leg and buttocks were both taken in serious condition to Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn , authorities said . 
A 20-year - old woman was shot in the leg and taken to Stroger Hospital along with a 34-year - old woman shot in the hand . The sixth and seventh victims , both 17-year - old boys , later showed up at Jackson Park Hospital in good condition with arm wounds . All four were in good condition . 
“ Another gang saw them on social media and came out and shot up the memorial , ” said community activist Jedidiah Brown , who added that the mother of the person who was the subject of the memorial gathering also was among those shot Wednesday . “ No regard for life , they shot up anybody who was there . ” 
Some of the victims were inside the restaurant while others were outside when the shooting occurred , according to anti - violence activist Andrew Holmes . 
The shooting occurred almost exactly 24 hours after President Donald Trump threatened to “ send in the Feds ” if Mayor Rahm Emanuel can’t stop the “ carnage ” on Chicago streets . 
On Tuesday night , Supt . Eddie Johnson said his department is “ more than willing to work with the federal government to build on our partnerships ” with the Justice Department , FBI , the Drug Enforcement Administration and others . 
So far in 2017 , at least 47 people have been killed in Chicago , according to records kept by the Chicago Sun - Times . Last year the city recorded 780 homicides , with fewer than 500 seen in 2015 . 