2017-02-13

Mother, Teen Daughter Found Dead After Suspect Surrenders To SWAT Team 

FollowCBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter 
SUNRISE ( CBSMiami ) – The bodies of a 40-year - old woman and her 15-year - old daughter were found inside a Sunrise home where a man kept SWAT teams at bay for several hours on Monday . 
Police confirmed that the bodies of an adult female and juvenile female were found inside the home where 32-year - old Kevin Nelson was taken into custody . 
Holy ( expletive ) . They are driving through the ( expletive ) building . These ( expletive ) are not playing . They just drove through the fence and everything , ” yelled a person in home video of the takedown . 
Sunrise police were first called the Del Rio Village apartment complex around noon to investigate reports of gunfire . 
When officers arrived , they called the apartment and a man inside answered and said , “ Yeah , I’m here , ” hung up and refused to come out . 
Fearing the man inside may be armed , a SWAT team was called in as police attempted to get the man to surrender . 
As time went on and Nelson refused to come out , the SWAT team first knocked down a tree in front of the building , then it was the fence that went down followed by the front door . Once the door was down , a robot went in followed by SWAT team members . 
Nelson eventually made his way out of the home after more than three hours and surrendered . That ’s when police found the two bodies . 
I can confirm that there is two deceased inside , adult female and a juvenile female , ” state Michelle Eddy from the Sunrise Police Department . 
Late Monday night , the family of the teen killed arrived at the crime scene . 
Courtney Smith said the 15-year - old victim is his granddaughter , Shanice Smith . 
“ She didn’t deserve this , ” Smith said . “ You hear these things but when it hits home , it ’s totally different . ” 
Smith is left wondering why these two lives – including that of a teen who was an “ A ” student in high school and had her whole life ahead of her – could be taken in such a way . 
She had a real bright future and then this tragedy happened , ” Smith said . 
Several neighbors told CBS4 News that this was a troubled couple – often arguing in public outside their home and cops being called to the home numerous times for domestic complaints over the past year or so . 
The Del Rio Village is located on University Drive just north of Oakland Park Boulevard . 
A neighbor said everything began with a loud noise . 
“ I heard like a loud crash . I’m not really sure what it was . I didn’t think much about it . Everything was still and then like 10 minutes later there were 20 cops out front , ” explained neighbor Michael Plesak . 
Sean Grasmick lives next door . He ’s legally blind but went outside during all the commotion . 
“ When I walked out my door they probably thought that I was the person , they told me to lay right down and they put me in handcuffs and they figured out it wasn’t me , ” said Grasmick . 
CBS4 ’s Carey Codd learned of the extraordinary request made of a neighbor , Bernard Lee , by a police sharpshooter as the situation developed . 
He knocked on my door , ” Lee said . He said I’m looking for elevation . Is it alright if I use your upstairs window in case I have to take a shot ? ” 
That shot never happened , but Lee said wanted to do what he could to help . 
Other residents said they were terrified by the heavy police presence . 
Rochelle Thomas said she sat locked down in her house for hours , but knows that the minor disruption she dealt with is nothing compared to the grief felt by the families of the victims . 
I just feel the pain of that Mommy who lost her daughter and granddaughter , ” Thomas said . 