2017-01-06

VirginiaBeach man killed in Fort Lauderdale airport shooting 

FORTLAUDERDALE , Fla. ( WAVY ) — One of the five people shot and killed Friday at the international airport in Fort Lauderdale , Florida was a man from Virginia Beach . 
10 On Your Side spoke with the daughter of the victim , who said her father , 62-year - old Terry Andres , died at the airport . 
Andres had a birthday coming up later this month , his daughter says . He was at the airport to go on a vacation with his wife , who was unharmed in the shooting . 
The Andres family is distraught over the loss and has asked for privacy at this time . 
Andres joined the Oceana Volunteer Fire Department/VBFD as a volunteer support technician in 2004 , the department said Saturday . 
The department issued a statement Saturday : 
He was well liked and respected for both his dedication to being a volunteer as well as his professional approach to his job as a support tech . We mourn his passing as we do all the victims of the senseless attack in Ft . Lauderdale . ” 
Andres also worked at the Norfolk Naval Shipyard for 20 years , the shipyard said in a statement Monday . 
Norfolk Naval Shipyard lost a member of our family in the tragic shooting in Fort Lauderdale . Our thoughts and deepest sympathies go out to Terry Andres’ family and friends during this difficult time . Andres , who served the shipyard and the U.S. Navy for 20 years , most recently worked as a civilian Radiological Control Technician . He will be deeply missed by all who knew him . ” 
10 On Your Side spoke with Governor Terry McAuliffe Friday , who had this to say about Andres’ death : “ This is just heart wrenching . We’ve got to get to the bottom of this . We’ve got to get to the bottom of the gun violence going on in the country . But obviously , all of our thoughts and prayers are with the family right now . ” 
Immediately after the shooting , a suspect was taken into custody . Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida said that the gunman was carrying a military ID that identified him as Esteban Santiago . 
Authorities haven’t provided any details on a possible motive for the shooting . 