2017-02-18

Detailsemerge as student , 18 , held without bail in Brighton Park shooting that left 3 dead 

ACook County Judge on Saturday ordered held without bail an 18-year - old high school student in connection with a failed drug heist that ended with five people shot , three fatally . 
Three days after the Wednesday shooting in a Southwest Side home in the Brighton Park neighborhood , Torrence Reese , of the 900 block of West 68th Street in the Englewood neighborhood , was charged with three counts of first - degree murder . Cook County Judge Peggy Chiampas denied him bail during bond court Saturday . 
Reese , who was on track to graduate from Jane Addams High School , was not present in court , as he also was struck by gunfire and currently is hospitalized with gunshot wounds , his attorney said . 
The charges are tied to the deaths of brothers Emmanuel Camacho , 18 , and Filogonio Rivera - Camacho , 20 , both of the 3900 block of South Albany Avenue , and 19-year - old Julian Miller , of the 1400 block of East 71st Street . 
Reese additionally is charged with attempting to kill a surviving witness and with armed robbery , prosecutors said . The witness , who was not named , was the fifth person shot . 
Prosecutors said the witness was friends with the brothers and also knew Reese from high school . Because he knew the brothers occasionally sold marijuana from their apartment , and Reese was interested in purchasing 2 ounces of marijuana for $ 400 , prosecutors said he arranged for Reese to purchase marijuana from the brothers . 
About 2:45 p.m. , Reese and Julian Miller arrived at the first - floor apartment . They entered and went into a bedroom connected to the kitchen , where the brothers and the witness were playing video games , prosecutors said . 
Reese and Miller discussed purchasing marijuana from the brothers , and eventually Reese , Miller and the witness began to smoke marijuana together . The witness began to feel nauseated and went into the kitchen to get a glass of water , closing the door of the bedroom behind him after exiting the room , prosecutors said . 
While in the kitchen , the witness suddenly heard multiple gunshots from inside the bedroom . 
The witness ran away from the bedroom , toward the back door of the apartment off an enclosed porch . Reese opened the bedroom door , pointed a handgun in the direction of the witness and fired several shots , striking the witness in the hip and left leg , prosecutors said . 
The witness was able to hide in the basement , prosecutors said . While there , he heard sounds of a physical scuffle overhead , then heard additional gunshots , prosecutors said . The witness cried out to other residents of the building , who then entered the apartment to find Miller on the floor of the enclosed porch . 
3 dead , 2 seriously wounded in a shooting at Brighton Park home Three men were fatally shot and two others seriously wounded in an attack at a home near Pershing Road and Albany Avenue on Feb. 15 , 2017 , in the Brighton Park neighborhood . Three men were fatally shot and two others seriously wounded in an attack at a home near Pershing Road and Albany Avenue on Feb. 15 , 2017 , in the Brighton Park neighborhood . See more videos 
Miller suffered two fatal gunshot wounds to his back . Next to his body was a bag of marijuana , prosecutors said . 
The group of witnesses then discovered the brothers dead inside the apartment . Rivera - Camacho was on the floor in the hallway , between the kitchen and the front room , prosecutors said . He suffered multiple gunshot wounds to his body and head . 
Camacho was found in the front room of the apartment , prosecutors said . He also suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the body and head . 
The witness was driven by the neighbors to Mount Sinai , where he was treated for his gunshot wounds . 
After the shooting , Reese left the brothers ' apartment , still armed with his handgun . He got into his vehicle and drove around the block before returning to the front of the brothers ' apartment building . He appeared to slow down , waiting for his accomplice , Miller , to leave the apartment , prosecutors said . 
When Miller did n't show , Reese drove to a nearby Dunkin Donuts and gave his car keys to an employee , saying he 'd been shot and that his sister would come by to pick up his vehicle , prosecutors said . The employee saw that Reese had been shot and instead called 911 . 
Reese was still at the Dunkin Donuts when paramedics arrived and treated him for two gunshot wounds to his buttocks and arms . Police officers also arrived , and took Reese 's car keys from the employee . Inside Reese 's car , officials found a 9 mm handgun and traces of blood inside the glove box . Police also found a bag of marijuana , prosecutors said . 
At the brothers ' apartment , police found five 9 mm shell casings and one live 9 mm round . Though the gun 's test results are pending , police observed that the ammunition at the shooting scene was consistent with that of the ammunition recovered from Reese 's gun , prosecutors said . 
The surviving witness identified Reese as the person who was in the bedroom with the three victims Wednesday , and as the person who exited that bedroom and shot at the witness , prosecutors said . 
Autopsies performed by the Cook County Medical Examiner 's Office determined that Rivera - Camacho , Camacho and Miller 's deaths were homicides . 
Reese is due in court Tuesday . Reese ’s family was absent from bond court Saturday , Reese ’s attorney said , as they were with Reese at Stroger Hospital . Reese is the father of a two - year - old child . 