2017-02-13

LCPD : Police arrest four in shooting that left 14-year - old pot seller wounded 

Sabino Paez , 17 ; Alicianna Baca , 17 ; Ismael Dunlap , 18 ; and 21-year - old Anthony Lalo Castrillo IV 
Sabino Paez , 17 ; Alicianna Baca , 17 ; Ismael Dunlap , 18 ; and 21-year - old Anthony Lalo Castrillo IV 
LAS CRUCES , New Mexico - Police arrested two juveniles and two adults suspected in the February 5 , 2017 shooting that left a 14-year - old boy wounded . 
Sabino Paez , 17 ; Alicianna Baca , 17 ; Ismael Dunlap , 18 ; and 21-year - old Anthony Lalo Castrillo IV were charged for their alleged involvement in the shooting on the 4200 block of Charles Street . 
Paez , Dunlap and Castrillo are each charged with one count of Armed Robbery and Conspiracy to Commit Armed Robbery . 
Police said Paez , the alleged shooter , is also charged with one count of Aggravated Battery Causing Great Bodily Harm . Baca , Castrillo 's girlfriend , is charged with one count of Tampering with Evidence for allegedly taking the handgun from Paez , wiping it down and disposing it , police said . 
Detectives learned Paez , Dunlap and Castrillo arranged to purchase marijuana from the 14-year - old victim on Super Bowl Sunday . The three young men allegedly conspired to steal the marijuana . 
Sometime after 4 pm that day , Castrillo drove Paez and Dunlap to Charles Street to meet the 14-year - old boy . When the boy allegedly handed the marijuana to Dunlap , sitting in the backseat of the car , Paez pulled out a .40 caliber handgun and indicated they were going to steal the drugs . 
When the 14-year - old tried to retrieve the marijuana from Dunlap , Paez fired a round that struck the boy 's right forearm , police said . 
The victim was transported to University Medical Center of El Paso with non - life - threatening injuries . 
Paez and Baca were booked into the juvenile section of the Dona Ana County Detention Center where they are initially being held without bond . 
Dunlap and Castrillo were booked into the detention center with cash - only bonds set at $ 25,000 . 