2017-01-05

Police : 22-month - old girl shot in East Oakland 

Police : 22-month - old girl shot in East Oakland 
A 22-month - old girl was wounded in a drive - by shooting in East Oakland on Thursday while riding in a car with her mother , police said . 
The shooting happened around noon near the intersection of 66th and Outlook avenues in a quiet residential neighborhood in the hills overlooking the city , according to the Oakland Police Department . The mother was not injured in the shooting , police said . 
The toddler was rushed to a hospital and was listed in stable condition , said Officer Johnna Watson , a spokeswoman for the Oakland Police Department . No arrests were reported following the shooting , and a motive remained under investigation , she said . 
Outside UCSF Benioff Children ’s Hospital Oakland , where the girl was taken , Daryle Allums , a representative of Adamika Village , an Oakland antiviolence group , said he was acting as a spokesman for the family after speaking to her mother and praying for the “ pretty little princess . The occupants of two other cars exchanged gunfire , and the girl and her mother ’s car got caught up in the crossfire , Allums said . Outside the hospital , Watson said police are investigating that possibility . 
Watson said investigators are probing whether the shooting is “ possible retaliation ” to the slaying of a man Wednesday on Myrtle Street near 16th Street , the first homicide of the year in Oakland . 
“ We are looking to see who the target was , ” Watson said , adding that Oakland ’s incoming police chief , Anne Kirkpatrick , has been briefed on the shooting . “ It was a stray bullet that hit the little girl . The child was in the backseat of the vehicle in a car seat when the shots rang out , Allums said , at least one bullet piercing the car and hitting her . The girl ’s “ whole family , ” grandmother included , was waiting at the hospital for news of her condition , he said . 
Watson said members of the Police Department visited the girl ’s mother at the hospital to assure her they’d provide every possible resource , emphasizing they were investigating “ aggressively . Photo : Kimberly Veklerov Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Image 1 of 4 A 22-month - old girl was shot in East Oakland Thursday in a drive - by shooting just after noon near the intersection of 66th and Overlook avenues , according to police . A 22-month - old girl was shot in East Oakland Thursday in a drive - by shooting just after noon near the intersection of 66th and Overlook avenues , according to police . Photo : Kimberly Veklerov Image 2 of 4 A 22-month - old girl was shot in East Oakland Thursday in a drive - by shooting just after noon near the intersection of 66th and Overlook avenues , according to police . A 22-month - old girl was shot in East Oakland Thursday in a drive - by shooting just after noon near the intersection of 66th and Overlook avenues , according to police . Photo : Kimberly Veklerov Image 3 of 4 A child was shot in East Oakland Thursday , police said . A child was shot in East Oakland Thursday , police said . Photo : Kimberly Veklerov / Kimberly Veklerov Image 4 of 4 Police swarmed an East Oakland neighborhood after a 22-month - old girl was shot Thursday , authorities said . Police swarmed an East Oakland neighborhood after a 22-month - old girl was shot Thursday , authorities said . Photo : Kimberly Veklerov / Kimberly Veklerov Police : 22-month - old girl shot in East Oakland 1 / 4 Back to Gallery 
“ She ’s fighting for her life right now , ” Allums said of the girl . 
An elderly woman who lives in the East Oakland neighborhood and declined to give her name said she heard four distinct rounds of gunfire just before noon , followed by a pause , then another four gunshots . 
Standing with her 3-year - old son , Tao , not far from the blocked - off crime scene , Clare Stanley , who also lives nearby , described the shooting of the child as “ the most kind of awful you can imagine . Stanley said she also heard “ four or five ” gunshots , and then a brief pause , followed by another four or so shots in quick succession . She was inside her home when the shots rang out , she said , and heard a car peeling away right after . 
Burbank Preschool is just one block away on 65th and Outlook avenues , Stanley noted , making the danger gun violence poses to children in the neighborhood all the more real . A representative for the preschool said the school briefly locked down after the shooting , but soon reopened . 
“ It ’s a huge problem , ” Stanley said . “ It ’s such a problem that it ’s hard to know what the answer is because so many people own guns around here . Another man who lives nearby , David Dill , said he arrived home after the shooting to find a heavy police presence swirling around his typically “ quiet neighborhood . ” 
He described the gun violence that all too often envelops parts of Oakland — including the 85 homicides recorded throughout the city in 2016 — as “ disheartening ” and “ crazy . ” 
Already in 2017 , Dill said , the shootings were hitting too close to his doorstep , “ in my neighborhood . “ My heart goes out to her , you know , ” Dill said of the wounded child . “ It ’s terrible . It makes no sense . There ’s no reason for it . ” 
Kimberly Veklerov , Sarah Ravani and Michael Bodley are San Francisco Chronicle staff writers . Email : kveklerov@sfchronicle.com , sravani@sfchronicle.com , mbodley@sfchronicle.com Twitter : @kveklerov , @sarravani , @michael_bodley 