2017-02-23

Eastvalegirl , 17 , was unintended victim of Moreno Valley shooting , family says 

Eastvalegirl , 17 , was unintended victim of Moreno Valley shooting , family says Share Pin It More Galleries A vigil comprised of candles , balloons and teddy bears sits outside the Moreno Valley home of Jamillah Collier 's aunt on Thursday , Feb. 23 , 2017 . Collier was shot and killed while sitting in a car outside the home on Sunday . Two other girls were injured . ANNE MILLERBERND , STAFF Related article » PLANNED VIGIL What : A vigil is planned to honor Jamillah Collier , a senior at Eleanor Roosevelt High School who was killed in a shooting in Moreno Valley . When : 7 p.m. Friday , Feb. 24 Where : Eleanor Roosevelt High School , 7447 Scholar Way ( though it is in Eastvale , it has a Corona mailing address ) 
Jamillah Collier was ready to graduate from Eastvale 's Eleanor Roosevelt High School this spring with a 3.0 grade - point average and acceptance letters from three colleges . She had already been photographed in her cap and gown . 
But in the early hours of Sunday , Feb. 19 , her family says the 17-year - old was the unintended victim of a gang - related shooting outside her aunt ’s Moreno Valley home . 
Two other girls were injured . Collier 's sister , Jhonis Carter – whose 16th birthday brought the girls together for a Saturday - night party – was hit in the arm , and the third victim , a friend , was " grazed by a bullet , " said Collier 's grandmother , Lorraine Baker . 
None of the girls had any gang involvement , relatives said . 
The Riverside County Sheriff 's Department has released few details about the shooting , the victims or the investigation . A spokesman did not respond Thursday afternoon to requests for an update . 
A vigil honoring Collier is planned for 7 p.m. Friday at Roosevelt High . 
CELEBRATION ENDS IN TRAGEDY 
After the birthday party ended , relatives said , the girls left in a group but noticed along the way that they were being followed . 
“ They were getting chased by these two cars , ” said Ramona Mathis , Collier ’s great - grandmother . 
Instead of going to the police , the driver took them to Collier ’s aunt ’s home at the corner of Merrygrove Circle and Meadbury Drive . 
The group was still in the car about 12:45 a.m. when a black sedan pulled up across the street and someone shot a gun out of the car into the sky , Mathis said . A second car then arrived . 
Mathis heard someone in the house holler that shots were being fired , so she stood against a wall and waited . 
Darren McQueen , Collier 's 25-year - old cousin , said he stepped outside as a burgundy car pulled up and someone inside fired shots into the car where his cousins sat . 
“ And then they said Jamillah was hit and they pulled her out the car and I ran over there to see if I seen blood and they said , ‘ Call 911,’ ” McQueen said . “ I was just screaming and stuff like that . ” 
The car Collier was in left for the hospital before police arrived . 
Their family members say the three girls weren’t the shooter ’s intended victims . 
Collier ’s family members were informed a few hours later Sunday morning that she had died . 