2017-01-10

Ft. Lauderdale Woman Kills Daughter In Tragic Murder - Suicide 

FollowCBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter 
FT LAUDERDALE ( CBSMiami ) – A heartbreaking scene played out Tuesday morning as the body of a young girl was wheeled out of her home on a gurney by a member of the medical examiner ’s office , the body of her mother was not far behind . 
“ I heard the like a pop , something like a gunshot , ” said neighbor Annie Powell . 
All of a sudden I heard this , this like explosion and I didn’t look at the time , or anything like that , and I thought well that couldn’t be a gunshot because it had a muffled sound to it , ” said another neighbor Joel Gresham . 
What made the gunfire sound muffled is that the house was closed up tight , all the hurricane shutters were closed . Neighbors said they saw the woman who lived there , Ericka Joseph , outside in the wee hours of the morning . 
This shutter right here , she was like closing it up , making sure it was locked and everything and my boyfriend said , “ What is she doing , a hurricane is not coming , ” said Chaunecia Gresham . 
Now they know . 
The family said Joseph ’s daughter , 9-year - old Akili , lives with her father in Colombia but was visiting her mother for the holidays . According to the family Akili was supposed to return home on Tuesday with her dad . 
He was here to pick her up because he has custody because he was actually , he has custody of her to stay with him , therefore picking her up . They were supposed to be on a plane at this time , ” said Joseph ’s brother Tony Williams . 
When Akili ’s father arrived and received no answer when he knocked on the door , he knew something was wrong . He contacted the family who went inside and made a horrific discovery – mother and daughter dead in a bedroom . The family believes Ericka , an ex marine , may be responsible . 
Authorities later confirmed that the tragic shooting was indeed a murder - suicide . 
Apparently she might have been battling something was unbeknownst to the family at this time , which caused now , a great tragedy , ” said Williams . 
The family said there has never been any kind of issue when it came to custody between Akili ’s parents . 
Akili would have turned 10 in April . 