2017-01-28

10people shot at party in Brownsville - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis , Tennessee 

Tenpeople were injured during a shooting at a party in Brownsville , Tennessee , on Friday night . 
According to Brownsville Mayor Bill Rawls , there was a high school party at the National Guard Armory , located in the 200 block of Morgan Street . During the party , a fight broke out and someone started shooting around 11:45 p.m. 
Rawls said the shooter came from Jackson , Tennessee . He says the party was unsanctioned . 
Originally , reports said that eight teens were injured , but Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said that number is actually 10 , ranging in ages from child to young adult . 
Two people were taken to the hospital in Memphis and are being treated with non - life threatening injuries . Another victim was taken to the hospital in Jackson . The other seven were either treated and released or are in the process of being released . 
Brownsville resident Tracie Williams was taken back by the news . 
" The first thing that went through my mind was , OK this is Brownsville , this is not Atlanta . This is not New York , this is Brownsville , and I was just shocked that something like that would happen here , " Williams said . 
Katlyn Day ’s cousin was one of about 100 people at the party . She is thankful that everyone is expected to be OK. 
“ He says he 's probably going to be scarred for his whole life , ” Day said of her cousin . 
Her cousin told her that the party turned into pandemonium when the fist fight turned even more violent . 
“ All of a sudden they started hearing gunshots , ” Day said . “ And they told everybody to get out or to duck down . Most people ran trying to save themselves from the bullets . But most people ran out the door to get their car . ” 
Knowing the shooter was from Jackson is something that made Williams feel a bit less uneasy . 
“ It made me feel good to know , OK , at least it was n't anyone from Brownsville doing that . So that made me feel a little bit better , ” Williams said . 
TBI is helping solve the case . 
Rawls says they have a SOS ( Save Our Streets ) initiative for these types of situations and are working hard to curb crime . 
No arrests have been made . 
Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5 . All rights reserved . 