2017-03-16

Teenshot by Baltimore County police charged with multiple counts of armed robbery 

A17-year - old who was shot by Baltimore County police in Woodlawn on Monday is charged as an adult with multiple counts of armed robbery . 
Askari Francisco Gomes , of Baltimore , was one of three people shot in a vehicle at the corner of Walnut Street and Englewood Avenue , near a Royal Farms that had just been robbed . Police said those in the car were suspected in a string of robberies , and that two officers investigating the Royal Farms incident opened fire when the suspects ' vehicle accelerated toward them . 
Gomes now faces 16 charges , including multiple counts of armed robbery and first - degree assault , as well two gun charges . He was being held without bail at the county detention center Thursday and did not have an attorney listed in court records . 
Another person in the vehicle , Rashad Daquan Opher , 20 , of Windsor Mill , died of his injuries after the police shooting . Authorities have not released the name of the third person police shot ; they said he remains hospitalized and that robbery charges are pending against him . 
The officers ' names also have not been released . 
A series of similar robberies were reported starting late Monday afternoon , according to county police . 
Just before 4:30 p.m. , they said , two males robbed a Dunkin ' Donuts in the 5300 block of Baltimore National Pike at gunpoint . 
About 30 minutes later , two males committed another armed robbery at Ricky 's Nails in the 1700 block of North Rolling Road , and then robbed a dry - cleaners next door , Diamond Cleaners , police said . 
Later , at 10:43 p.m. , officers were called to a 7-Eleven in the 1100 block of North Rolling Road , where police say a worker told them two males had robbed him . 
At 11:30 p.m. , police went to Quality Inn in the 1800 block of Belmont Avenue , where the manager said two people robbed him and that one struck him with a gun when he could n't open the safe . 
Minutes later , police said , the Royal Farms in the 6400 block of Windsor Mill Road reported an armed robbery . 
Caption Boxer shot just blocks from his home early Wednesday morning Crime reporter Kevin Rector talks about the death of Montell " Telly " Pridgett , a boxer who was shot dead just blocks from his Upton home early Wednesday morning . ( Ulysses Munoz / Baltimore Sun ) Crime reporter Kevin Rector talks about the death of Montell " Telly " Pridgett , a boxer who was shot dead just blocks from his Upton home early Wednesday morning . ( Ulysses Munoz / Baltimore Sun ) Caption Homicide investigation video Detectives are continuing to investigate a homicide that occurred on March 8 , 2017 , in the 200 block of S. Broadway . Anyone with information on the identity of the individuals in this video is asked to call detectives at 410 - 396 - 2100 or Metro Crime Stoppers at 1 - 866 - 7Lockup . You can also text tips to 443 - 902 - 4824.(Baltimore Police video ) Detectives are continuing to investigate a homicide that occurred on March 8 , 2017 , in the 200 block of S. Broadway . Anyone with information on the identity of the individuals in this video is asked to call detectives at 410 - 396 - 2100 or Metro Crime Stoppers at 1 - 866 - 7Lockup . You can also text tips to 443 - 902 - 4824.(Baltimore Police video ) 
Investigators say when they searched the suspects ' vehicle after the shooting , they found a handgun , a large amount of cash , and a wallet belonging to one of the robbery victims . 
alisonk@baltsun.com 
twitter.com/aliknez 