2017-02-19

Norfolkshooting leaves one person dead , three others injured 

Pleaseenable Javascript to watch this video 
NORFOLK , Va. - Norfolk Police are investigating a Sunday evening shooting that killed one man and sent three other people to the hospital with injuries . 
Police have identified the male victim as 28-year - old Thomas Leroy Hicks of Norfolk . 
According to police , 911 calls for the shooting came in around 7:45 p.m. Sunday evening . Eyewitness told News 3 's Merris Badcock there were so many gunshots , it sounded like a machine gun outside . 
" We were enjoying Sunday dinner at my mother ’s house , when I had to slam and lock the door , tell everybody to drop , " said Queen Sheena , who lives nearby . " I thought we were being bombed . " 
Police say gunshots were fired from several cars traveling on Church Street on Sunday evening . Police say Hicks was driving a vehicle , and was hit with at least one bullet . 
According to eyewitnesses , Hicks drove a couple blocks before crashing into an apartment complex on the corner of East Princess Anne Road and Church Street . 
Medics pronounced Hicks dead at the scene . 
Sheena was one of the first witnesses to the scene , and found Hicks inside his vehicle . 
" Me and my cousin ran over . She is an R.N. She was like , ' I can help , ' but once we saw him , we could not do anything but back away , " said Sheena . 
While investigating the area , officers found three females who had been shot during the incident . Police believe all of the female victims were inside vehicles exchanging gunfire and were not bystanders . 
Police say one woman is still in critical condition , but another woman and a 17-year - old girl have been released from the hospital . 
Police say they believe this is an isolated incident and there is no ongoing threat to the public . 
The incident has Sheena and a few other neighbors taking to the streets to preach a message of peace . 
" It is devastating , because our children were just outside riding bikes where the shooting actually occurred , where the shells were found , " said Sheena , who also owns a nonprofit called Queens Helping Queens Supported by The King . 
She calls the shooting senseless . " If you do not know how to talk out your issues , you need to go see someone and help work it out , ' she said , holding a megaphone in her hand . " We need to put the guns down . " 
Anyone with information that can help police identify the suspect(s ) , is asked to call the Crime Line at 1 - 888-LOCK - U - UP. 
Please enable Javascript to watch this video 
Please enable Javascript to watch this video 