2017-03-16

16-year- old charged in shooting that injured Lee High School stu - WSFA.com Montgomery Alabama news . 

Policeon the scene at and near Lee High School . The high school was placed on lockdown for about 45 minutes and dismissal was delayed . ( Source : WSFA 12 News ) 
Duckett said shots were fired off campus " in an open field nearby . " A female student at Montgomery 's Robert E. Lee High School was critically injured when she was struck by a stray bullet on campus Thursday . The Montgomery Police Department has charged 16-year - old Lee High School student Quinterrious Lavon Norman in connection with a Thursday afternoon shooting that wounded a fellow student . 
Norman is charged with first - degree assault , discharging a firearm in an occupied vehicle and certain persons forbidden to carry a pistol . 
A car nearby was also shot into and damaged . 
He was transported to the Montgomery County Detention Facility and is being held under a $ 165,000 bond . 
The wounded female student at Montgomery 's Robert E. Lee High School was injured when she was struck by a stray bullet on campus just before 3 p.m. , according to the Montgomery Police Department . 
The 15-year - old victim was taken to a local hospital and then airlifted to Children 's Hospital in Birmingham where she 's listed in critical but stable condition . Her identity has n't been released . 
Duckett said shots were fired off campus in an open field nearby and the victim , who was standing on campus , was hit by a bullet . No other injuries were reported . 
" MPD 's investigation indicates a single shooter discharged a firearm in a vacant lot adjacent to the school , resulting in the victim 's injuries and damage to a nearby vehicle . The investigation further indicates that the shooter recklessly discharged the firearm and that neither the victim nor the vehicle was an intended target . Shortly after the shooting , MPD identified Norman as the shooter and took him into custody nearby , " Duckett said in a press release Thursday night . 
According to relatives , the victim was shot in the neck but is alert and awake . 
Family members say she went outside to talk to friends after school before meeting up with her sister who was coming to pick her up . That 's when she was shot . Witnesses said she was down on the ground near a staircase at the back of the high school . They did not see a fight or crowd gathered in the street or field near the school at the time of the shooting . The circumstances surrounding it remain under investigation . 
Cpt . Duckett said the victim was not at all involved in the dangerous incident . 
Dozens of investigators and police officers were on the scene after the shooting . They were concentrated in two areas - on campus in the area where the victim was struck and at the intersection of Brewton and Lockett streets where they believe the shots were fired from . That intersection was blocked off with tape for about two hours . 
The high school was placed on lockdown for about 45 minutes and dismissal was delayed . 
State Superintendent Michael Sentance released this statement Thursday night : 
" Our hearts go out to the Robert E. Lee High School student injured in a shooting today , as well as her family . Although the incident occurred outside of the school building , student safety is always the top priority . Tomorrow , increased law enforcement , trained counselors , and State Department of Education staff will be on hand to assist in any way possible . It is imperative that schools maintain an atmosphere that is safe and conducive to learning . Thank you to the police , medical personnel , Superintendent Margret Allen , principal and staff at Robert E. Lee High for handling this incident with such professionalism . " 
Montgomery Public Schools spokesperson Tom Salter said the school system is cooperating with authorities in their investigation . 
" We 're certainly offering our thoughts and prayers to the family of the student . We are praying that she 'll recover fully . We 're working with MPD to help in any way we can , " Salter said . 
All MPS after school activities for Thursday were canceled . 
Relatives of the victim believe Norman was " goofing off " when he fired the gun near the school . That has not been confirmed by Montgomery police , although they did say he " recklessly discharged the firearm . " 
Family members are at the victim 's hospital bedside in Birmingham . 
" She 's responsive and there 's good news in that she has feeling over her entire body , " a family member said of the wounded 15-year - old girl . 
Copyright 2017 WSFA 12 News . All rights reserved . 