2017-03-29

NewBritain triple shooting stemmed from dispute over school - WFSB 3 Connecticut 

Asecond scene was reported on Olive Street in New Britain . Three people were shot at a home on Newington Avenue in New Britain on Wednesday morning . Police continue to comb through home on Newington Ave . in New Britain following a shooting . A triple shooting in New Britain on Wednesday morning happened after the suspect and a boy got in a dispute involving school , officials said . 
The shooting sent nearby schools and a hospital in Hartford into lockdowns . 
Two women and a 12-year - old child were transported to local hospitals for gunshot injuries , according to Mayor Erin Stewart . All of them are expected to be okay . 
Police said they are searching for the suspect , identified as 36-year - old Jermaine Tywane Scott . Police consider him " armed and dangerous . " He is described as standing 5'9 " tall and weighing 215 pounds . 
According to police , the shooting happened on Newington Avenue near East Street in New Britain , right near the Newington town line . They were called to the address at 7 a.m. 
School officials said an unidentified 12-year - old boy got involved in a dispute with Scott . That 's when the mom and the aunt got involved and then the shooting happened . The boy is a student in New Britain . 
" It 's nerve - racking for your neighborhood to see it like this , I 've never seen as much police presence , " Sylvia Smith , who lives in the area , said . 
Newington Avenue was closed for most of the morning . It reopened around the noon hour ; however , police are still combing through the scene of the crime . 
" We found two adult female victims and one juvenile victim suffering from apparent gunshot wounds , " said Capt . Thomas Steck , New Britain police . 
A second scene related to the incident is on Olive Street in New Britain . Police said they believe they located the suspect 's car there . 
" [ Scott ] fled the area prior to our arrival , " Steck said . 
Police appeared to be focused on a specific house on Olive Street , along with the car . 
SWAT team members went door - to - door in the area . 
Police said they believe Scot took a CT Fastrak bus , which prompted New Britain police to contact departments in other communities . 
Along with the three victims , a fourth person was said to be in the home . Police said it was a child who was not hurt . 
" We expect all three victims to make a full recovery , " Steck said . 
Police believe Scott had a relationship with one of the women who was shot . He also lived in the home . 
2 adult females and 1 child transported to local hospitals for apparent gunshot injuries - expected to be okay . — Mayor Erin Stewart ( @stewartfornb ) March 29 , 2017 
" We have spoken with our partners in another agency where he does have a criminal record , " Steck said . " There is a criminal history that includes violence . " 
Police said Scott has no criminal history in the City of New Britain . 
However , in 2010 , Scott was charged with the murder of the son of a former New Haven firefighter . 
Reports show one of Scott ’s relatives gave a strong statement to police , but backed off those claims in front of a jury . 
Scott was n't convicted , but the judge sentenced Scott on criminal possession of a firearm . 
He got five years and after serving more than 95 percent of his sentence , Scott got out two years ago . 
With his violent past , police are searching multiple cities to bring him in . 
The incident on Wednesday happened near the Chamberlain Elementary School , though officials said the school was not involved . The school remained open ; however , it was one of those placed in a modified lockdown . 
" The safety of our students , families and staff members are of the utmost importance to us and we made a careful decision on how to proceed with opening Chamberlain and nearby schools , " Superintendent for New Britain Public Schools Nancy Sarra said in a statement on Wednesday . 
The modified lockdown started just before 9 a.m. and meant that " students and staff were free to move around the school but parents and visitors would not be allowed to go past the main office . " 
A police officer was stationed inside the entry way to greet parents and visitors during Wednesday morning . An officer remained at that location throughout the remainder of the school day . 
Sarra said social workers and school psychologists were brought to Chamberlain school to help assist teachers with questions and students deal with the situation . 
The other school that was locked down was the CCMC School on John Downey Drive . 
" We do have an added police presence at those schools , " Steck said . 
The Dattco bus company said it was rerouted buses to the school . 
Sarra said they have remained in contact with the police department and mayor 's office . 
Neighbors in the area said they watched police comb their neighborhood in stunned silence . 
" Minutes after , it was just a whole slew of cars , action and everything [ along with ] fire trucks , ambulance , " said Jodi Piece of New Britain . 
In connection with the shooting , officials at St. Francis Hospital in Hartford confirmed to Eyewitness News that the emergency department at the hospital was in lockdown . It has since been lifted . 
" That firearm has not been recovered , " Steck said . " [ Scott ] should be considered armed and dangerous . We 're asking people to call , not approach him . " 
Jermaine Scott wanted for shooting two women and a child . All will survive . Newington Ave . in # NewBritain still closed . # wfsb pic.twitter.com/ZDvQs9mpj9 — Matthew Campbell ( @mgmcampbell ) March 29 , 2017 
Anyone with information is asked to call the New Britain Police Department at 860 - 826 - 3000 . 
Refresh this page and watch Eyewitness News for updates . 
Copyright 2017 WFSB ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved . 