2017-03-22

Copsidentify 17-year - old shot dead outside I - Drive nightclub 

A17-year - old boy was found shot dead Tuesday night outside a nightclub on International Drive , according to the Orlando Police Department . 
Officers responded to the LUX Ultra Lounge at 5688 International Drive about 11:40 p.m. after getting a call about a shooting , OPD Lt . Robert Herrell said . 
Terron McCarty was found in the parking lot with a gunshot wound , he said . He was later pronounced dead from his injuries . 
Detectives said the incident started with a fight inside the club . It spilled out into the parking lot , where shots were fired and McCarty was killed . 
An Eventbrite page shows there was a spring break party for teens ages 14 to 18 planned for Tuesday night . Fliers for the event promote the performances by several local rap artists . 
A screenshot of an Eventbrite page for a spring break party for teens at LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive on Tuesday , March 21 , 2017 . Eventbrite.com A screenshot of an Eventbrite page for a spring break party for teens at LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive on Tuesday , March 21 , 2017 . A screenshot of an Eventbrite page for a spring break party for teens at LUX Ultra Lounge on International Drive on Tuesday , March 21 , 2017 . ( Eventbrite.com ) 
Chief John Mina said three off - duty officers were working at the club . 
Officers remained outside the club in the International Shoppes plaza on the southeast corner of Kirkman Road and International Drive through 5 a.m. investigating . 
Herell said detectives were called to the plaza , which also has a costume shop , an Italian restaurant and a billiards bar , to take over the case . 
Anyone with information can call Crimeline at 800 - 423 - 8477 . 
This wasn’t the first time Orlando police have responded to a shooting at the club 
In February 2015 , an off - duty officer shot and wounded a man who opened fire in the club ’s parking lot . No one else was injured in the shooting and police arrested the man . 
Court records show Jalen Atkins , 23 , later accepted a deal to plead no contest to a charge of aggravated assault with a firearm and was sentenced to one year in jail . 
Mina said the club “ has had its issues in the past . ” He said officers will work with the owners to make the club safer , with methods such as adding more off - duty officers , surveillance cameras and metal detectors . 
Staff writers Caitlin Doornbos and David Harris contributed to this report . 
sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407 - 420 - 5417 