2017-02-13

Neighborscall abandoned home where shooting occurred ' Junk ' - wave3.com - Louisville News , Weather & Sports 

Neighborssay vacant homes like the one where the officer - involved shooting happened make her feel even less safe . ( Source : WAVE 3 News ) 
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - The scene of Saturday ’s officer - involved shooting , an abandoned house . There are over 5,000 homes in Louisville vacant like this one and not only are they eyesores but they attract crime . 
Neighbors say they have tried to do something about 1234 Oleanda Avenue . Over several years , they called police and city offices multiple times . 
" Junk , slum , this area used to be really nice and we have fought the blue house for two years , " Joyce Bliss said . 
Bliss wishes she could sit on her porch without having to look at this blighted home . She said broken windows and boarded up doors just skim the surface . 
" We called the cops one weekend around the clock until they were tired of hearing about us , " Bliss said . 
RELATED STORIES : 
+ LMPD releases body cam footage of deadly officer - involved shooting in South Louisville 
+ Family : Man killed by LMPD had substance abuse , mental health issues 
+ A neighbor describes the moments before an officer was shot and a man killed 
Bliss said random people would come in and out of the home often . The suspicious visitors motivated neighbors to get LMPD involved . 
In 2016 , police were called to the house four times . 
Neighbors also involved the city . The Department of Codes and Regulations has inspected the home 14 times since 2014 , finding violations both inside and outside . 
" It creates an unsafe neighborhood for people who live around in that area , " D’Shawn Johnson said . 
D'Shawn Johnson , WAVE 3 News Safety and Security Expert and a former Louisville officer , said homes like the one on Oleanda Avenue are just problems waiting to happen . 
On Saturday night LMPD officers went inside 1234 Oleanda Avenue . Body camera video shows the dark filthy environment they stepped into . 
" You do n't know who is in there whether they are armed or not armed most of them there is no electricity so it 's total darkness in there , " Johnson said . 
WATCH : Andreina Centlivre ’s report 
Bliss said she did not want that abandoned home to escalate to a place where a man would lose his life after a police - involved shooting . The house still stands with the door busted open and she just wants something done . 
" There is too much trouble in that house , we have had the city come out here they would board it up , whoever goes in there would take it down , " Bliss said . 
The office of Develop Louisville said there is a process to taking care of vacant homes . The goal is to preserve a home . If neighbors want to see action , representatives with Develop Louisville advise neighbors to continue to call . 
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved . 