2017-02-27

4hurt in drive - by shooting outside Newport News movie theater 

NEWPORTNEWS , Va. ( WAVY ) — Newport News police are stepping up patrols in City Center following a quadruple shooting outside a busy movie theater early Monday morning . 
Police say the shooting happened shortly after 12:30 a.m. in front of the Paragon City Center 12 theater at City Center at Oyster Point . 
Officers arrived on scene and found three people — two females and one male — who had all been shot in the leg . All three were taken to the hospital with injuries classified as non life - threatening . 
A police spokesman tells 10 On Your Side ’s Rico Bush that the incident was a drive - by shooting . 
Police say a fourth victim , a female , showed up to the hospital overnight with non life - threatening gunshot wounds . All four are expected to recover . 
Police spokesperson Jamie Bastas says a 21-year - old Newport News man , a 19-year - old Newport News woman , a 16-year - old Newport News girl and a 22-year - old Hampton woman were injured in the shooting . 
A source tells 10 On Your Side ’s Andy Fox that the four people shot were intended targets . 
“ We have strong indicators that this was not a random incident , ” Police Chief Richard Myers said in a statement Monday afternoon . All of the victims in this matter were in the immediate presence of and associated with the likely target of the assault . Police say the victims are not cooperating in the investigation . No suspect information has been released . 
‘ Snitches get stitches’ — People are living by that mantra , ” Newport News Councilwoman Sharon Scott said . “ But we have seen a paradigm shift in some of the communities . People are actually starting to talk in their communities . A witness at the scene said she was with a group of about six friends , leaving the theater when she heard the gunfire . She and her friends scattered after hearing the gunshots . She says she came back to the area and found two of the victims , bleeding and begging for help . 
" I just remember seeing blood and it was just the scariest & worst thing . I hope nobody sees what I saw today at all , " a witness told me . — Rico Bush ( @RicoBushWAVY ) February 27 , 2017 
Another witness said , “ As soon as I step on the sidewalk , I hear shooting , you know . I hear like eight times , back to back . Just back to back . And my friends — the girls who were right beside me — and I just started running . I just started running to my car . One woman who spoke with WAVY ’s Andy Fox said she helped two victims into her vehicle after the shooting . She said the victims were sisters and she planned to take them to the hospital before medics arrived and took over . 
You can still see blood on the car . I tried to clean it up , but there is still a little bit left , ” she said . It was like crazy . We like to think this can’t happen here because this is our home . Click here to see a photo of the blood stain in the vehicle . Viewer discretion is advised . 
The woman described what she was thinking when she started putting the two sisters in her car : “ In my head , I’m thinking they might try shooting again , and I was trying to leave as soon as possible , trying to get everybody in the car because I didn’t know if they were coming back . ” 
Police tell WAVY News that there were two shooting incidents in City Center in 2016 . The first was at Manhattan ’s , a nightclub located at 601 Thimble Shoals Boulevard on April 8 , 2016 . The second was on August 14 , 2016 at the Magnuson Hotel , at 1000 Omni Boulevard . The Magnuson has since closed , Chief Myers said . 
This is the first shooting incident in City Center this year . 
“ When you are in this area you feel safe , ” Herbert Cannon said of City Center . 
The location of the shooting concerns Councilwoman Scott . 
I am really disappointed . I’m flabbergasted . I don’t know what to say , ” she told 10 On Your Side . “ City Center is our economic development of the city right now . We have invested heavily in there . It took us a long time to attract people to it and Paragon was the attraction . Over the history of City Center , it has been and remains a very safe place to visit , dine , and participate in activities , ” Chief Myers’ statement reads in part . The very infrequent criminal activity in this area has been mostly limited to theft of items from unlocked vehicles , a preventable crime . Chief Myers says officers assigned to the Central Precinct — where City Center is located — will be increasing patrols . There will also be assigned foot patrols during peak entertainment and business hours , starting immediately . 
Despite the fact that this unusual incident occurred on one of the quietest periods of activity during the week for this area , the NNPD will focus seven days a week on the area to ensure the safety of patrons , ” Myers said . 
The commander of the Central Precinct is talking to businesses nearby where the shooting happened to explore interest in any extra duty officers . 
The theater ’s general manager offered no comment Monday when 10 On Your Side asked about the shooting . 
Police urge anyone who knows anything about this incident to call the Crime Line at 1 - 888-LOCK - U - UP. 