2017-02-22

BREAKING: Body Found is Teenager Sought in Murder of Nia Savage 

MOBILE, AL ( WKRG ) — News 5 has confirmed through multiple sources that the body found in Dog River this morning is the 15-year - old sought in the murder of teenager Nia Savage . 
The male body was discovered near the litter trap in Dog River around 7:30 a.m. by a city worker coming to check the status of the litter trap . The area is near the intersection of Navco Road and McVay Drive . 
Multiple family members and community members are being told that the body is that of the teenager connected to Savage ’s death . Mobile Police said in a press release that it is a possibility . 
News 5 spoke to one family member who says the young man ’s mother and grandmother came to the scene to identify his body . 
“ Two guys came up to me and said his Mama and his Grandmama identified…I said what his name they said ManMan and I knew then it was him , ” his step - aunt Debra said . 
It is unknown how long the body was in Dog River before being discovered , but it could provide insight as to why Mobile Police have been unable to find the teen in the eight days since the murder . 
“ A whole week and I’m thinking what happened , why even… if he was scared ? We was thinking if he did it he was just afraid to come home but after- I felt like after three days of him not coming home because I know him and his mother they real close he would have at least came home and said ‘ mama , I made a mistake we were playing with the gun and it went off and I was scared . That is why she is so devastated because we thought maybe he was somewhere just scared to come home but after this weekend and I told my children if he don’t be found by this weekend either he ’s done something to himself or somebody done did something to him , ” his step - aunt Debra told News 5 . 
Savage was killed in a shooting near the intersection of Crenshaw Street and Senator Street on Valentine ’s Day . The sophomore at B.C. Rain High School was rushed to USA Medical Center with severe injuries but did not survive . 
Mobile Police says Savage was killed with a gun stolen from an unlocked vehicle at a Mardi Gras Parade . Investigators said they were actively searching for a 15-year - old — labeled as a person of interest by police — who may have been present for the shooting . 
After the body was discovered Wednesday morning , Mobile Police activated their homicide response unit and their flotilla units . 
A spokesperson for Mobile Police says it is too early to tell if the discovery becomes a homicide investigation . 
The area where the body was discovered is frequently visited by fishermen . 