2017-03-29

PennHills Shooting : Teenager killed at Linton Middle School 

Updated: Mar 28 , 2017 - 11:20 PM 
PENN HILLS , Pa. - A teenager was shot and killed outside the middle school in Penn Hills . 
The shooting happened around 4:30 p.m. Tuesday at Linton Middle School on Aster Street . 
The body of Deven Holloway , 16 , was found near a car in the parking lot of the school . According to a statement from the school district , the victim is a Penn Hills student but did not attend Linton . 
Police said Holloway was with a friend , but it 's not clear why they were at the school . 
" It 's our understanding that they go up and play basketball at the basketball courts , " said Chief Howard Burton of the Penn Hills Police Department . 
TRENDING NOW : 
Defense attorney Phil DiLucente said his client , who is 22 , was being questioned by police Tuesday night . DiLucente said his client was there to play a game of basketball . The man is licensed to carry a firearm and was defending himself , DiLucente said . 
Police are trying to determine where a gun that was found next to the victim 's body came from . 
A prayer vigil will be held at 6 p.m. Wednesday at Linton Middle School . 
Police chief confirms someone was shot and killed at Linton middle . @WPXI # breaking pic.twitter.com/wEpGxWmPtL — Catherine Varnum ( @WPXIVarnum ) March 28 , 2017 
Police said students had already been dismissed for the day , but Varnum reported after - school activities were taking place at the time of the shooting . Some students even heard the sound of gunfire . 
" Fifth - graders who heard shots , counted the shots , they were inside door and started coming out , " said Burton . " When they heard shots , they went back in school . " 
The district cancelled classes for students at Penn Hills Elementary School , Linton Middle School and Penn Hills High School for Wednesday . 
There will be no school for students or staff at Penn Hills Elementary , Linton Middle School , or PH High School ... https://t.co/kslC6e52Xh — PHSD ( @PennHillsSD ) March 28 , 2017 
The district said a counselor would be available for students and staff . 
Here 's the full district statement : 
" The Board of Directors of the Penn Hills School District extends their deepest sympathies to the family of the student killed today and shares the sadness with all the families of Penn Hills students . We have directed the schools to be closed so that our families can begin to make sense of this tragedy . We have directed grief counseling to be available to students and staff for as long as needed . The Board will hold a prayer vigil tomorrow at 6 pm at Linton Middle School . All are welcome to attend . " 
Stay with Channel 11 News and wpxi.com for the latest developments . 
© 2017 Cox Media Group . 