2017-03-20

Police: Teen dead after being shot by father in north Wichita 

WICHITA, Kan. ( KSNW ) – Wichita police responded to a fatal shooting and seventh homicide of the year late Sunday night . It happened in the 1900 block of East Looman Street in north Wichita around 9 p.m. 
When they arrived , they found a 17-year - old Michael Farrow with gunshot wounds . He was taken to the hospital where he was pronounced dead . 
“ A friend of the victim was with him in the alley and directed officers back to the victim ’s house . He informed the officers that the 17-year - old victim ’s father was a possible suspect in the case , ” said Lt . Todd Ojile , Wichita Police Department . 
Police arrested the teen ’s father , 41-year - old Glen Farrow , on second - degree murder charges . 
Police said the teen and his father were involved in an argument before the shooting . 
“ During that argument , a handgun came out . As he was running , the father fired several shots , striking and killing his son , ” said Ojile . 
KSN News talked to Michael ’s stepmom Amanda Stoll . She said just hours before , Michael had been at her home . 
“ I said ok . I love you . I’ll see you then , and he said ‘ ok , I love you too.’ And my uncle took him back over to his dad ’s house and that was the last time I talked to him . ” 
She said Michael had been staying with her for three weeks and decided to go to his father ’s house to get some clothes and visit friends when the shooting happened . Now , she wishes he would have never gone back . 
“ I was scared they wouldn’t give me any information partially because I’m not his biological mother , but I’ve been in his life for 12 years . ” 
A message from the family of the 17 y/o boy that was shot and killed by his father last night . Tune into @KSNNews for the story . pic.twitter.com/6BaAn5CDo9 — Ashonti Ford KSN ( @AshontiFordKSN ) March 20 , 2017 
Get breaking news , weather and traffic on the go . Download our News App and our Weather App for your phone and tablet . Follow us on Facebook and Twitter . 