2017-01-22

Felon accused of accidentally shooting friend in Stamford 

Felon accused of accidentally shooting friend in Stamford 
Photo : Michael Cummo / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Buy photo Stamford police block off Westwood Rd . after a man barricaded himself inside his home with a gun while making threats in north Stamford , Conn. on Monday , Oct. 17 , 2016 . Stamford police block off Westwood Rd . after a man barricaded himself inside his home with a gun while making threats in north Stamford , Conn. on Monday , Oct. 17 , 2016 . Photo : Michael Cummo / Hearst Connecticut Media Buy this photo Felon accused of accidentally shooting friend in Stamford 1 / 1 Back to Gallery 
STAMFORD — A felon was charged last week with wounding his friend after accidentally firing his gun nearly Holly Pond in the city ’s first shooting of the year . 
Egardo “ Coco ” Perez , 31 , of Ansonia , was charged Friday with criminal possession of a firearm , first - degree reckless endangerment , possession of a pistol without a permit , unlawful discharge of a firearm and carrying a weapon in a motor vehicle . 
Perez , who turned himself in for missing a court date in Bridgeport a few days after the Jan. 6 shooting , was sitting in the passenger seat of the woman ’s car parked at the roadside Gus Edson Park on Holly Pond when the shot was fired . 
Perez said he saw the 30-year - old woman for the first time in more than 10 years when he ran into her that day in Bridgeport . Perez told police he and the woman shared an addiction for highly potent drugs and he indicated they had been doing crack and PCP , a heavy hallucinogen , before the shot was fired , Sgt . Paul Guzda wrote in Perez ’s five - page arrest affidavit . 
The woman , who was recently arrested three times for possession of PCP , driving while intoxicated and shoplifting , told Perez she had a gun , the affidavit said . They went to a Stamford bank to retrieve the weapon and bullets that were stored in a safety deposit box , the affidavit said . 
Perez said he was “ popping ” the bullets out of the magazine when the gun went off and wounded the woman , the affidavit said . 
Perez , who has felony convictions for escape , sale of illegal drugs and violating a judge ’s protective order , took the woman who had been wounded in her left thigh to Stamford Hospital . 
The woman told police Perez threw the gun out of the window , the affidavit said . Perez dropped the woman off at the hospital and fled , the affidavit said . 
A judge ordered Perez be held in lieu of a $ 100,000 court appearance bond . 
jnickerson@stamfordadvocate.com ; 