2017-01-01

7injured in NW Miami - Dade drive - by shooting 

MIAMI( WSVN ) - MIAMI ( WSVN ) – A South Florida community is still reeling after , police said , four adults and three teenagers were shot outside a home in Northwest Miami - Dade . 
All of them survived but several remain hospitalized , two days after the shooting occurred . 
Miami - Dade Police and Fire Rescue responded to the scene of the drive - by shooting , near the corner of Northwest 81st Street and 14th Avenue , Sunday evening . 
According to investigators , the victims , including a 15-year - old and two 17-year - olds , were standing outside of a residence when a dark blue , newer model sedan approached them and stopped , just before 6 p.m. “ We’re presuming they were outside celebrating . They were standing outside of the home , ” said Miami - Dade Police Detective Robin Pinkard . 
The victims were identified Monday morning by Miami - Dade Police as 15-year - old Ramont Gage , 17-year - old Tamyra Milfort , 17-year - old Aaliyah Barr , 18-year - old Dewayne Leon , 20-year - old Shaquanna Ross , 30-year - old Alfredo Hudson and 43-year - old Tekeiki Taylor . 
Tuesday afternoon , Milfort remains in the ICU. She was last listed in serious condition . The hospital has not released details on Taylor , Gage and Hudson , but their last known condition , on Monday , was that they were stable and are expected to be OK. 
Leon and Ross were released Tuesday afternoon . Barr was the first victim released , Monday evening . 
Barr is the daughter of Taylor , a Miami - Dade Corrections officer . They live in the home right next door to where the shooting happened . 
She spoke to 7News , as she left Jackson Memorial Hospital . “ I’m doing fine , just in a little pain , ” she said as she broke down in tears . 
A neighbor , Miss Thomas , said she heard the shots . “ It was like , ‘ Pop , pop , pop , pop , pop , pop . ' ” 
“ I thought it was firecrackers , ” said neighbor Shannon McGowan . “ I did see some young people running into the house , the pink house . ” 
Paramedics transported the victims to area hospitals . Officials said three of the victims , including two of the teens , were transported as trauma alerts to Jackson Memorial Hospital . 
7News cameras captured a large crowd of concerned friends and family members outside Jackson Memorial , Sunday night . A young woman was seen breaking down in tears . 
At the crime scene , evidence markers in the street revealed where the bullet casings landed . 
“ Bullets don’t have eyes , ” said Leon ’s mother , who asked not to be named or show her face on camera . 
She added that her son is home from the hospital after having sustained a bullet wound to the inner thigh . “ It ’s just sad , and it ’s hurtful . It ’s very hurtful to see these kids have to suffer with death , ” she said . 
The concerned mother said she ’s thankful she does not have to bury her son . “ We had just gotten into 2017 , and here it is already , ” she said . “ I never would have imagined that my kids would have been caught in gunfire . ” 
“ Children don’t know any other way to correct a situation besides violence , ” said the mother of one of the victims , who identified herself as Mrs. Thompson . 
“ Something needs to be done . We’re not going to have a generation , because they’re all being killed , ” said Scott . 
The driver and occupants inside the vehicle remain at large . 
Police believe four or five men were inside the vehicle at the time of the shooting . 
The motive behind the shooting remains under investigation . 
If you have any information on this shooting , call Miami - Dade Crime Stoppers at 305 - 471-TIPS. Remember , you can always remain anonymous , and you may be eligible for a $ 3,000 reward . 
Copyright 2017 Sunbeam Television Corp. All rights reserved . This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed . 