2017-01-21

14-year- old girl critically injured after being shot near West Valley mall 

WESTVALLEY CITY — A 14-year - old girl was hospitalized in critical condition Saturday after she was shot in what police say was a gang - related confrontation near the Valley Fair Mall . 
The girl received a call telling her to come to the area , according to West Valley Police Lt . Robert Hamilton . When she arrived with friends just before 7:20 p.m , there was an altercation and shots were fired , one of which struck the girl . 
Based on accounts from witnesses , Hamilton said police believe the incident is " gang - related and intentional . " 
The shooting occurred in the parking lot of Costco , 3747 S. 2700 West , which adjoins the mall parking lot . After the girl was shot , Hamilton said she ran north through the mall parking lot where she eventually collapsed and was found by police . 
The girl was transported to an area hospital in critical condition . 
Two witnesses who saw the shooting ran across the street to the police station to report what had happened . 
Police are searching for a male who may have been involved , though officers do n't know whether he was the shooter , the lieutenant said . No information , including the male 's age , was given . 
Hamilton said police do not believe there is any danger to the public . No one was arrested following the shooting but police later said they had identified a person of interest . 
Officers said three shell casings were located . One bullet struck a truck that was parked some distance across the mall parking lot . The truck 's owner was inside the mall at the time . 
Because investigators were initially unsure what had happened , only that shots were reported near the Valley Fair Mall busy with shoppers on a Saturday night , officers called for support from anyone in the area as a precaution . A large swath of the lot was marked off as numerous officers responded . 
The mall and surrounding businesses remained open as police investigated . 