2017-01-30

14-year- old shot at Walterboro party - Live5News.com | Charleston , SC | News , Weather , Sports 

A14-year - old boy is recovering after being shot at a party in Walterboro Friday night . 
Colleton County Sheriff ’s deputies responded to the Welch Creek Civic Center on Sidneys Road just before midnight for reports of gunshots . 
" I heard bam bam , bam , bam , bam , ” said a woman who lives nearby . Bam , bam , bam , bam , bam , bam . " 
According to an incident report , a large group of people were gathered in cars and standing in the parking lot when the shooting happened . A witness said there were more than 30 people there for the party . 
A caller told dispatchers she heard more than 30 shots fired that night . 
“ I jumped out of the bed and everybody was going to town , " the woman said . 
" They were starting to fight inside the party and then the shooting came about outside , ” said a man who went to the party . It was just a disaster and I just got in my car and left . " 
A spokesperson with the Sheriff 's Office says a 14-year - old boy was shot during this incident . 
" He had blood on him , ” the man said . I saw him when I turned my car light on . I looked at him and said oh my god . " 
The boy was taken to a hospital for a minor gunshot wound . He has been released and is recovering . 
" I had my cousin with me , and he was panicking , ” the witness said . I was too , because I did n't know if they were going to shoot my car next . " 
A detective with the Colleton County Sheriff 's Office was on scene Monday collecting evidence after four bullet casings were found on the property . 
" They were just going off the hook ... bow , bow bow bow , " the witness said . 
The old school house is now being used as an event space for people to rent . 
The party Friday night was organized by two people who live in Orangeburg , according to managers . 
Paulett Jackson , 45 , and Johnathan Lee , 17 , both of Orangeburg , were arrested and face charges including contributing to the delinquency of a minor and alcohol violations involving a minor . 
Now Friday night ’s shooting has managers and even people in the community concerned about safety . 
" I 'm not coming back again , ” the man said . “ Since they 've been having parties here , none of that has happened . " 
The manager of the center said drugs , alcohol , and weapons are banned from the premise . 
The witness said there was security on the property , and he was patted down when he entered . 
Authorities are still searching for the person(s ) involved in the shooting . Anyone with information is asked to contact the Colleton County Sheriff 's Office . 
Copyright 2017 WCSC. All rights reserved . 