2017-02-23

Eastvalegirl , 17 , was unintended victim of Moreno Valley gunfire , family says 

JamillahCollier was ready to graduate from Eastvale ’s Eleanor Roosevelt High School this spring with a 3.0 grade - point average and acceptance letters from three colleges . She had already been photographed in her cap and gown . 
But early Sunday , her family says , the 17-year - old was the unintended victim of a gang - related shooting outside her aunt ’s Moreno Valley home . 
Two other girls were injured . Collier ’s sister , Jhonis Carter - whose 16th birthday had brought the girls together for a Saturday - night party - was hit in the arm , and the third victim , a friend , was “ grazed by a bullet , ” said Collier ’s grandmother , Lorraine Baker . 
None of the girls had any gang involvement , relatives said . 
The Riverside County Sheriff ’s Department has released few details about the shooting , the victims or the investigation . A spokesman did not respond Thursday afternoon to requests for an update . 
A vigil honoring Collier is planned for 7 tonight at Roosevelt High . 
CELEBRATION ENDS IN TRAGEDY 
After the birthday party ended , relatives said , the girls left in a group but noticed along the way that they were being followed . 
They were getting chased by these two cars , ” said Ramona Mathis , Collier ’s great - grandmother . 
Instead of going to the police , the driver took them to Collier ’s aunt ’s home at Merrygrove Circle and Meadberry Drive . 
The group was still in the car about 12:45 a.m. when a black sedan pulled up across the street and someone fired a gun out of the car into the sky , Mathis said . A second car then arrived . 
Mathis heard someone in the house yell out that shots were being fired , so she stood against a wall and waited . 
Darren McQueen , Collier ’s 25-year - old cousin , said he stepped outside as a burgundy car pulled up and someone inside fired shots into the car where his cousins sat . 
“ And then they said Jamillah was hit and they pulled her out the car and I ran over there to see if I seen blood and they said , ‘ Call 911,’ ” McQueen said . I was just screaming and stuff like that . ” 
The car Collier was in left for the hospital before police arrived . 
Family members say the three girls weren’t the shooter ’s intended victims . 
Collier ’s family members were informed a few hours after the shooting that she had died . 
“ She didn’t deserve this , ” said her aunt , Chauntee Mathis . 
Sheriff ’s officials confirmed the shooting Sunday and disclosed via Twitter on Monday afternoon that one of the victims had died . That tweet said “ multiple police teams ” were working to locate and arrest the shooter or shooters . 
Advertisement 
A news release Tuesday encouraged anyone with information about the shooting to call the sheriff ’s Central Homicide Unit at 951 - 955 - 2777 or the sheriff - run Moreno Valley Police Department at 951 - 486 - 6700 . 
‘ SHE GAVE HER HEART TO EVERYBODY’ 
Collier had a bright , natural smile and liked to show it off , said her mother , Darlene Mathis . 
She earned mostly A ’s and B ’s and was set to graduate this spring . Her mother wore a sweatshirt Thursday afternoon that showed a picture of Collier in her cap and gown . 
Her high school ’s principal , a counselor and two teachers stopped by her Eastvale home to comfort her family , her mother said . 
Family members set up a vigil outside the Moreno Valley home where she was killed . Candles , balloons and teddy bears adorned the walkway up to the front door . 
Collier planned to go to college and wanted to become a paramedic . Some family members say that was motivated by her penchant for helping people . 
“ Always helping somebody else out , ” said her cousin Markees Harris , 25 . Collier was one to lend a pair of shoes or do a friend ’s hair , he said . 
But she was shy and spent a lot of her time with family . 
She was a very sweet girl , ” her great - grandmother said . 
“ She liked to dance and be happy , but she was like the quiet one , ” Chauntee Mathis said . 
Carter and Collier did everything together . They were best friends , she added . 
She was a beautiful person , ” Baker said . She gave her heart to everybody . ” 
PLANNED VIGIL 
What : A vigil is planned to honor Jamillah Collier , a senior at Eleanor Roosevelt High School who was killed in a shooting in Moreno Valley 
When : 7 p.m. Friday , Feb. 24 
Where : Eleanor Roosevelt High School , 7447 Scholar Way ( though it is in Eastvale , it has a Corona mailing address ) 