2017-02-17

Shootingsin Trenton , Willingboro lead the police blotter for Feb. 17 , 2017 

Thefollowing information was provided by police , unless otherwise noted : 
Trenton 
Shooting : A 17-year - old suffered gunshot wounds after he heard shots while stopped in the area of Wall and East State Streets around 8:56 p.m. on Thursday . Stephen Varn said that the teen was inside of a vehicle that was stopped at an intersection when he heard gunshots and then felt pain . The teen then sped away from the area , but was intercepted by police and his car was stopped in the area of Southard and Perry Street . During the stop the teen advised officers that he had been struck in the head , and police had the teen taken to Capital Health Regional Medical Center where he was treated and subsequently released . The teen sustained a gunshot wound to his right ear , and a graze wound to the back of his head . Varn said that the shooting response team is investigating . 
Robbery : Harold Ayers , 30 , of Trenton was arrested in the 400 block of Bellevue Avenue by the U.S Marshals New York/New Jersey Task Force on a warrant issued in connection with a February 4 , robbery in the 100 block in the 100 block of Division Street . Stephen Varn said that in that incident a man and women had parked their car and were walking to their home when they were approached by two men . Varn said that one of the men produced a handgun and took the woman ’s purse , while the other suspect demanded cash from the second victim . The second victim , a man , engaged in a physical struggle with the other suspect . The suspects then fled the scene on foot , Varn said . The incident was investigated by Det . Samuel Gonzales , who was able to issue a warrant for Ayers . The investigation remains ongoing , Varn said . 
Gun , drugs : Police arrested Terrance Sutton , 22 , of Trenton following an operation by the Street Crimes Unit with regard to citizen complaints about illegal narcotics activity in the 500 block of Grand Street . During the operation , detectives observed Sutton engage in two transactions that resulted in the arrest of a juvenile and Alonzo Simmons , 20 , of Trenton , on possession of marijuana . When officers moved in to arrest Sutton he fled into a house in the 500 block of Grand Street before being taken into custody . Trenton Lt . Stephen Varn said that Sutton then discarded a revolver inside of the home . A search incident to his arrest turned up $ 160 in currency and 29 baggies of marijuana . Additionally officers also recovered another 90 grams of marijuana , two digital scales , ammunition , packaging material and $ 519 in currency from the home . 
Advertisement 
Criminal trespass : Police arrested Efrain Calvente and Carmen Rivera following a call to the 400 block of Centre Street on report of an assault in progress . Stephen Varn said that when officers arrived they found that the location was an abandoned property . Further investigation revealed the rear door of the property was found to be barricaded with a couch and other items , and officers heard voices coming from inside . Officers announced their presence and entered the home where they located the pair in a third floor bedroom . Both were charged with criminal trespass , police records show . 
Willingboro 
Shooting : Willingboro police are investigating a shooting that occurred in the first block of Creekview Road at the Willingboro VFW around 11:29 p.m. According to police two men were shot when they were attempting to remove a person from the VFW while they were working security . When officers arrived they located the victims , one of whom had sustained a gunshot wound to his temple ; he was airlifted to Cooper Hospital where he was listed in stable condition . The second man was shot in one of his arms and is also listed in stable condition . The incident remains under investigation by Detectives from the Willingboro Township Police Department and the Burlington County Prosecutors Office . Police ask that anyone who may have any information regarding the shooting please call the Willingboro Police Department at ( 609 ) 877 - 3001 , the Citizen Tip Hotline at ( 609 ) 877 - 6958 ; or Burlington County Central Communications at ( 609 ) 265- 7113 . 