2017-02-02

BirminghamPD says uncle was dropping niece off at daycare when - WTVM.com - Columbus , GA News Weather & Sports 

Birminghampolice are investigating an accidental shooting involving an 8-year - old boy . 
Lt . Sean Edwards says an uncle was taking two of his young family members to school . When he stopped and dropped the niece off at St. Joseph 's daycare on 13th Street Ensley , the 8-year - old nephew found the uncle 's gun in the car and shot himself . 
Edwards says when the uncle came back out the car and found the child , he immediately started driving to UAB Hospital and called 911 . Edwards says there was some delay in Birmingham officers being notified because the man 's call was routed to Fairfield Police , who then called Birmingham officers to respond to UAB Hospital . 
Once the uncle arrived at UAB , medical staff transferred the child to Children 's of Alabama . 
The child has life - threatening injuries . Edwards said he did not want to specify at this time where the child was injured . 
" He 's fighting for his life but I believe he 's in great hands , " Edwards said . 
Edwards says that investigators are speaking to the uncle right now , who apparently helps bring the children to school on a regular basis . They are not sure where the gun was stored in the car but Edwards says " the reality is , it was unsecured . " 
" This was just a grave , grave accident . I can only imagine probably what he 's dealing with right now , " Edwards added . " But you know the truth of the matter is as adults , it 's our responsibility to make sure we secure our fire arms especially when there are children around . There 's just no room for error when it comes to firearms . " 
While noting it was an accident , Edwards says police will not rule out charging the uncle . 
" This is not the first time we 've had an accidental shooting where an adult has left a firearm unsecure , so we 're going to do our due diligence if there is a possibility charges come forth , " he said . 
The child was in surgery much of the morning . 
Copyright 2017 WBRC. All rights reserved . 