2017-02-06

Boyaccidentally kills sister , injures boy after finding gun at Jacksonville apartment 

by: Brittney Donovan , Action News Jax Updated : Feb 6 , 2017 - 3:25 PM 
UPDATE : Arrest made in connection with fatal accidental shooting of Jacksonville 5-year - old girl 
ACTION NEWS JAX INVESTIGATES : What would your child do if they discover a gun ? 
Police said three Jacksonville children were home alone when an 8-year - old boy found a gun inside an apartment and accidentally fired it , killing his 5-year - old sister and injuring a 4-year - old neighbor . 
The 8-year - old found the gun inside an apartment at Roosevelt Gardens , police said . 
Photos : Girl killed , brother hurt in accidental shooting at Jacksonville apartment 
JSO : 8 yo boy fired a gun this afternoon inside apartment , killing his sister and injuring his brother . — Kevin Clark ( @KevinANjax ) February 5 , 2017 
Police said the 8-year - old and 4-year - old ran next door and told a neighbor Serenity Allen had been shot . 
The 4-year - old boy 's injuries are not considered life - threatening , police said . 
The three children were alone inside the apartment , according to Jacksonville Sheriff 's Office . 
Family members gave me this picture of 5-year old Serenity Allen , the little girl killed in today 's tragic shooting . pic.twitter.com/nmHJraGahm — Kevin Clark ( @KevinANjax ) February 5 , 2017 
Officers said the mother of the Serenity and the 8-year - old may have gone to the store . They are investigating where the gun was and how the 8-year - old got access to it . 
The Florida Department of Children and Families is investigating what led to the shooting . 
“ It comes down to responsible gun ownership , and securing your weapons within your home , making sure they’re locked up and making sure children don’t have access to them , " Chief Chris Butler with Jacksonville Sheriffs Office said . 
Police say the three young children were alone in the apartment . Mother had left , possibly to go to the store @ActionNewsJax — Kevin Clark ( @KevinANjax ) February 5 , 2017 
JSO : 2 children each under 10 years old shot inside an apartment . One is dead , other has non - life threatening injuries @ActionNewsJax — Kevin Clark ( @KevinANjax ) February 4 , 2017 
Police say it 's unclear how the child got access to the gun @ActionNewsJax — Kevin Clark ( @KevinANjax ) February 5 , 2017 
JSO says mother and 8 year old son are with police . Any possible charges are pending . We already know DCF is involved . @ActionNewsJax — Kevin Clark ( @KevinANjax ) February 5 , 2017 
Police brief family members as other loved ones embraced . pic.twitter.com/W5uYyW7wFH — Kevin Clark ( @KevinANjax ) February 4 , 2017 
# BREAKING Reports of shots fired in North Jacksonville . Woman is screaming . She says her grandchild was hurt . pic.twitter.com/tzs4FqTMmE — Amber Krycka ( @AmberANjax ) February 4 , 2017 
Crime Scene Unit arrived & more officers keep arriving . pic.twitter.com/AjRgt9WZDI — Amber Krycka ( @AmberANjax ) February 4 , 2017 
Fire chief also on scene . pic.twitter.com/9kjNXrUQ2V — Amber Krycka ( @AmberANjax ) February 4 , 2017 
Family screaming now : " That 's my baby . " @ActionNewsJax — Amber Krycka ( @AmberANjax ) February 4 , 2017 
Woman yelling : " Where did the gun come from ? " pic.twitter.com/UKfiSymnoG — Amber Krycka ( @AmberANjax ) February 4 , 2017 
Police just talked to family . They are now screaming and saying someone is gone . — Amber Krycka ( @AmberANjax ) February 4 , 2017 
© 2017 Cox Media Group . 