2017-01-29

Shootingwounds 2 females ; ambulance takes 1 to hospital - KSLA News 12 Shreveport , Louisiana News Weather & Sports 

Authoritieshave obtained fingerprints in an attempt to identify a man who was found fatally shot in the back seat of a stolen car Sunday in Shreveport . 
Authorities have obtained fingerprints in an attempt to identify a man who was found fatally shot in the back seat of a stolen car Sunday in Shreveport . 
When officers arrived on the scene , they found the man dead with a gunshot wound . ( Source : Jeff Ferrell/KSLA News 12 ) 
When officers arrived on the scene , they found the man dead with a gunshot wound . ( Source : Jeff Ferrell/KSLA News 12 ) 
Authorities work to ID man found dead in car in Shreveport 
Authorities work to ID man found dead in car in Shreveport 
Authorities have identified the man who was fatally shot early Sunday morning in the parking lot of a Shreveport grocery store . Three other people , including a woman in a passing car , were wounded . 
Authorities have identified the man who was fatally shot early Sunday morning in the parking lot of a Shreveport grocery store . Three other people , including a woman in a passing car , were wounded . 
One person was fatally shot at the County Market grocery in Shreveport early Sunday . 2 others were wounded . ( Source : KSLA News 12 ) 
One person was fatally shot at the County Market grocery in Shreveport early Sunday . 2 others were wounded . ( Source : KSLA News 12 ) 
A man was riding in the back seat of a vehicle when he was shot in his left elbow about 1 a.m. Jan. 29 on Interstate 20 at Jewella Avenue in Shreveport . 
A man was riding in the back seat of a vehicle when he was shot in his left elbow about 1 a.m. Jan. 29 on Interstate 20 at Jewella Avenue in Shreveport . 
Shreveport police are investigating a shooting on Clarke Boulevard between Avon Avenue and Alto Vista Street . Caddo 911 dispatch records indicate it happened at 6:15 p.m. Jan. 29 . ( Source : Google Maps ) 
A female was wounded in her side and another was grazed by a bullet during a shooting the evening of Jan. 29 on Clarke Boulevard in Shreveport , police say . ( Source : Rashad Johnson/KSLA News 12 ) 
A female was wounded in her side and another was grazed by a bullet during a shooting the evening of Jan. 29 on Clarke Boulevard in Shreveport , police say . 
It happened on Clarke Boulevard between Avon Avenue and Alto Vista Street . 
That 's south of the Calumet Lubricants plant site and west of Hearne Avenue . 
An officer on the scene told KSLA News 12 it appears the shooting arose from altercation that might have involved a drive - by shooting . 
Wounded were a 19-year - old and a minor . 
One was taken to a hospital for treatment of a gunshot wound to her side . 
The other was grazed by a bullet and was treated on the scene . 
Police did not say which one was taken to the hospital . 
A Shreveport Fire Department medic unit was dispatched to a medical emergency on Clarke at 6:15 p.m. Sunday , according to Caddo 911 dispatch records . 
Two minutes later , Shreveport police got a report of a shooting at that location . 
Dispatch records show a dozen police units responded to the call . That number has since fallen to 3 . 
The shooting is at least the fifth in one day in Shreveport . 
Two people were slain and five others were wounded in 4 separate shootings earlier Sunday . 
Copyright 2017 KSLA. All rights reserved . 