2017-03-01

PoliceLogs , Feb. 24 to Feb. 28 , 2017 

Greenfield, Feb. 24 
12:39 a.m. — A caller at an apartment on Bradford Drive said he took an entire box of over - the - counter medicine in an effort to kill himself and is not feeling well . The individual was conscious and alert when police arrived , and he was taken by the Fire Department to Baystate Franklin Medical Center . 
9:43 a.m. — After crossing Hope Street leaving the courthouse , a caller reported the plaintiff in the case he’d come from tried to run him and his pregnant girlfriend over , accelerating “ in an unsafe manner . ” The plaintiff was driving a Hyundai Elantra . An officer will follow up with the courthouse to see if the incident was captured by video cameras . 
5:26 p.m. — A caller on Pickett Lane reported someone entered his vehicle early Tuesday or Wednesday morning and took a hidden $ 10 bill and approximately $ 30 in change . 
6:11 p.m. — A traffic stop near Baystate Franklin Medical Center , located at 164 High St. , led to the arrest of Mark Horta , 54 , of Greenfield on charges of unlicensed operation and a marked lanes violation . His vehicle was towed . 
7:30 p.m. — A caller at Baystate Franklin Medical Center reported a man having entered the hospital with a self - inflicted gunshot wound . 
11:35 p.m. — A traffic stop near Days Inn on Colrain Road , led to the arrest of Theodore Murphy , 50 , of Shelburne , on a warrant . 
Saturday , Feb. 25 
1:26 a.m. — An officer at Main Street Bar & Grille reported a fight and requested MedCare for a man with a facial alteration and missing teeth . He was taken to Baystate Franklin Medical Center . 
5:52 a.m. — A one - car accident occurred near Renfrew Real Estate , located at 64 Mohawk Trail . A caller reported a blue 2005 Kia Spectra was off the road in a snowbank . MedCare arrived and transported the male driver to Baystate Franklin Medical Center for a diabetic emergency , though he was uninjured in the crash . 
11:45 a.m. — A caller at Rite Aid , located at 107 Main St. , reported a shoplifting incident . 
1:23 p.m. — A caller at Swift Cleaners reported stolen clothing . 
2:26 p.m. — A caller at Wendy ’s on Federal St. , reported one of her employees threatened and assaulted her . The employee quit/was fired following the altercation , which occurred one and a half hours earlier . Police advised the woman to call if the employee returned , and advised her of her court options . 
Greenfield , Feb. 27 
12:19 p.m. — A report of larceny at The Barn on River Street . A sign reading “ free scrap removal ” was stolen from the back of the caller ’s vehicle Friday afternoon while at his business . 
12:23 p.m. — An accident on Federal Street involving a 2014 white Toyota and a bicyclist . The bicyclist darted in front of the vehicle , which was unable to stop in time . The bicyclist sustained injuries . 
3:35 p.m. — Officer reports larceny for medication stolen on the streets of Greenfield . 
9:30 p.m. — An arrest made on hazardous condition of George G. Baird Jr. , 54 , of Buckland Road . He was charged with OUI liquor , operating recklessly so as to endanger , marked lanes violation , weaving between marked lanes and OUI - liquor ( with BAC 0.08 or greater ) . 
Montage , Feb. 27 
8:26 a.m. — A suspicious abandoned automobile investigated in a parking lot near a skatepark on First Street . The vehicle has been there since Friday and has some damage to it . 
10:25 a.m. — An arrest of Corey A. Lackard , 47 , at his Third Street apartment . He was charged for probation warrant . 
Montague , Feb. 28 
1:43 a.m. — An arrest of Ashley L. Delgado , 28 , for default warrant and straight warrant . The Springfield resident was arrested on Third Street in Montague . 