2017-02-14

17-year - old robbery suspect shot and killed by officer 

Quanice Hayes ( Photo : Portland police , KGW ) 
PORTLAND , Ore. -- An armed robbery suspect was shot and killed by a Portland police officer in Northeast Portland on Thursday morning . 
Police said the suspect was 17-year - old Quanice Derrick Hayes . He was armed with a replica handgun , police said . 
Police say the officer who shot and killed Hayes fired three shots . The Oregonian/OregonLive reports that state medical examiner Dr. Karen Gunson said Monday that despite social media posts from friends and family members claiming otherwise , Officer Andrew Hearst did not shoot Quanice Hayes in the back . 
Gunson and Portland police spokesman Sgt . Pete Simpson declined to describe where Hayes was hit by the officer 's bullets other than to say it was not in the back . 
On Saturday , leaders of Do n't Shoot Portland held a press conference , calling for justice . 
" While many people are protesting Trump in Portland and around the country , many are overlooking the continuing local and statewide inaction on systemic racism , including incarceration and police terror , " said Do n't Shoot Portland leader Teressa Raiford . 
About 50 people attended a vigil Saturday evening in Northeast Portland , where the shooting took place . 
Candlelight vigil for 17 year old Quanice Hayes . pic.twitter.com/icw1HqG3BM — Art Edwards ( @artedwardskgw ) February 12 , 2017 
Officer Andrew Hearst is a seven - year veteran of the bureau . He is on paid administrative leave , which is standard police bureau procedure . 
Raiford said the police department 's " narrative omits any detail on why Andrew Hearst , who killed an unarmed mentally ill man in 2013 , opened fire on a 17-year - old boy . " 
Hearst was involved in another fatal shooting in 2013 . He , another officer and a sergeant fired shots at Merle Hatch , a 50-year - old fugitive and career criminal wanted for a federal bank robbery charge . Hatch allegedly threatened and ran at police at a Portland hospital , holding a broken black telephone receiver that he pointed at the officers . 
Hearst was 25 years old at the time and was a three - year veteran of the force . The police review board ruled the shooting justified . 
In a news conference Friday afternoon with Police Chief Mike Marshman , Mayor Ted Wheeler pledged for a thorough investigation into Hayes ' shooting as well as a second one that happened later that Thursday . 
Police shot and wounded a man in Southeast Portland after they received a report that someone was threatening suicide . That incident also involved a replica gun . 
" The community is justifiably concerned , " said Wheeler . 
Teen shot after armed robbery 
Hayes ' shooting happened in the 8300 block of Northeast Hancock Street as police were searching for a suspect in an armed robbery that took place earlier Thursday morning . 
A desk clerk at the Portland Value Inn on 1707 Northeast 82nd Avenue told KGW 's Maggie Vespa that the suspect robbed a man sleeping in his car at about 7 a.m. She added the victim did not want to be identified . She knew him as a former , long - term guest of the motel . He began sleeping in his car a few days ago , explaining he could no longer afford to rent a room . 
Police responded to the area around 7:30 a.m. and began looking for a man fitting the description of the gunman . The robbery victim said the suspect was a black man , wearing a dark hoodie and jeans . 
“ As officers were responding to that initial call and beginning that investigation , another call came in from the Banfield Pet Hospital … about a car prowl , ” said Sgt . Pete Simpson , spokesman for the Portland Police Bureau . And the description was similar . ” 
During Thursday ’s on - scene press briefing , Simpson said officers began searching the neighborhood “ loosely ” and spotted a man matching that description . 
He said officers tried to talk to him , but the suspect ran away . 
That led to additional officers responding , along with a canine unit , and they began tightening up that neighborhood search for the suspect , ” Simpson said . 
Simpson said officers quickly came across a home that appeared to have been broken into . A police dog , with a camera attached to its collar , went in to clear the home . No one was inside . 
Some time later , around 9:21 ( a.m. ) , officers encountered the suspect again . During that encounter , one officer fired shots that struck and killed the suspect , ” Simpson said . 
Simpson said it was unclear what exactly led up to the shooting . He said a handgun , which was a replica firearm , was found near Hayes ' body . 
The replica firearm used by Hayes . ( Photo : Portland police , KGW ) 
Simpson said that the police bureau has many replica guns in its possession and that they can often closely resemble actual firearms . 
Girlfriend : ' I 'm still in shock ' 
Hayes ' girlfriend , Bella Aguilar , said she and Hayes had been staying nearby . 
" We had gotten a hotel and I asked him to go to the store with my food stamp card to get me something to eat , ” said Aguilar . “ He never came back . ” 
" I 'm still in shock . " --Girlfriend of 17-year - old Quanice Hayes , who was shot and killed by Portland Police during a robbery investigation . pic.twitter.com/rdsAV1N73v — Katherine Cook ( @KCookKGW ) February 11 , 2017 
Aguilar does n't think Hayes was the suspect . 
I think he matched the description of whoever was doing all those things and they mistook him for someone else . " 
Aguilar said she ’s still in shock over losing Hayes and is anxious to hear more information about what led police to kill him . 
“ I want to know if the cop had a rightful reason to shoot him , " she said . " If he did n't , I do n't want him out here . ” 
People nearby were shaken up by the incident . 
Cordell McKinley stays at the Portland Value Inn as well , and said a lot of people in the area suffer from addiction or other issues . He said he was sad to learn the suspect had died . 
Maybe he had a mental problem . Maybe there were personal issues , ” he said . They have less lethal weapons . They could have used less lethal weapons . They could have used rubber bullets . They could have used a taser . They could have used tactical maneuvers . ” 
Others nearby were glad police responded so quickly . 
“ It does seem like there ’s an awful lot of excessive force being used lately , ” said Rebecca Manzano , who lives in the area . “ But at the same time , when you’re in the heat of the moment in a situation like that , and you’re an officer ... I don’t know . I think officers have been through an awful lot lately , and I’ve seen them actually do a really good job lately with the things I’ve seen around here . ” 
The Associated Press , KGW 's Maggie Vespa and Katherine Cook contributed to this report . 
© 2017 KGW - TV 