2017-02-23

FormerCop Accused Of Shooting Teen Girl In Alleged Road Rage Incident 

UPPERGWYNEDD , Pa. ( CBS ) — A former police officer in Montgomery County is under arrest on charges he fired into a car potentially involved in a road rage incident with his stepdaughter . 
Owen Farmer was a police officer in Upper Gwynedd from December 2000 until an honorable discharge in February 2009 . 
The 45-year - old is facing charges of aggravated assault and reckless endangerment , accused of firing three shots into an SUV outside his Upper Gwynedd home over the weekend . 
Police : 2 Men Shot While Sleeping In East Mount Airy 
According to the criminal complaint , Farmer ’s 20-year - old stepdaughter was driving on North Wales Road when she tells police a dark - colored BMW was driving slowly . She says the vehicle appeared to be making a turn but then re - entered the roadway . 
As she passed the BMW , she says the other driver honked at her and flashed her high - beams . Farmer ’s stepdaughter says she gave the BMW the finger . The BMW continued to follow her and that , according to the complaint , is when the 20-year - old called her stepfather and told him she was being followed and he should come outside with his gun . 
Farmer was waiting by his driveway . When he walked toward the BMW , he says the driver backed up and ran over his foot . As the SUV drove away , he fired three shots at the back of the vehicle . 
Mom ’s Boyfriend Waives Hearing In Teen Death , Dismemberment 
According to the driver of the BMW , she was in the car with her husband and teenage daughter when a car started tailgating her . The driver finally passed her and gave her the finger , and that ’s when she followed it into the neighborhood . 
According to the complaint , the 15-year - old girl sitting in the front passenger seat of the BMW was hit in the back by a bullet and needed treatment at a nearby hospital . 
Farmer was taken by ambulance and treated for a broken foot . 
He was arraigned on Tuesday and is free on $ 50,000 unsecured bail . He has a preliminary hearing scheduled for March 13 . 