2017-01-06

UPDATE: Formal charges in Russian roulette death of Bluefield te - WVVA TV Bluefield Beckley WV News , Weather and Sports 

Commonwealth's Attorney Michael Lee Dennis announced Monday that 28 year - old Calvin Dawayne Powers will face a felony charge in the shooting death of 16 year - old Tyler Buchanan last Thursday , January 5 . 
In a news release sent to WVVA News , Dennis said Powers will face one count of aggravated malicious wounding and one count of use of a firearm in the commission of a felony . 
Dennis said that investigators found that Powers approached Tyler Buchanan and asked him to play a game of Russian roulette and ultimately fired the shot that caused his death . 
Below is the entire news release from Tazewell County Commonwealth 's Attorney Michael Lee Dennis , followed by WVVA 's original online story : 
January 9 , 2017 
SIXTEEN YEAR OLD CHILD DIES FROM GUNSHOT WOUND : 
CALVIN DAWAYNE POWERS FACING CHARGES 
Michael Lee Dennis , Tazewell County Commonwealth 's Attorney , announced today that a CALVIN DAWAYNE POWERS , age 28 , of 201 Neel Street , Apt . 8 ( Crescent View Apartments ) , Bluefield , VA , has been charged with one count of aggravated malicious wounding and one count of use of a firearm in the commission of a felony in the shooting of a 16 year old child , Tyler Buchanan . 
Evidence showed that on January 5 , 2017 , POWERS approached Tyler Buchanan and asked him to play a game of Russian roulette . According to the Investigators , Tyler told POWERS that he did not want to play the game with him . According to a statement made by POWERS , he then proceeded to unload the revolver and put one round back in and spun the cylinder . He put the gun to his own head and pulled the trigger . When the gun failed to go off , he then spun the cylinder again and put the gun to the back of Tyler 's head and pulled the trigger . The gun fired causing severe injury which caused the current charges to be placed . Ultimately , the injury sustained from the gunshot , caused the death of Tyler Buchanan , a day later . 
An autopsy was performed on Monday , January 9 , 2017 and my office is currently awaiting the results from the Medical Examiner 's Office . Once those are received , I anticipate additional charges to be placed and more information will be released by this office as available . 
This case was investigated by the Bluefield Police Department . The case is being prosecuted by Tazewell County Commonwealth ’s Attorney Michael Lee Dennis . 
# # # 
TAZEWELL COUNTY , VA - A 15-year - old male is in critical condition after a shooting Thursday in Bluefield . 
According to Chief M. Shane Gunter with the Bluefield , Virginia Police , the shooting took place around 4:50 p.m. at the Crescent View apartment complex on Neel Street . 
The victim was taken to a local hospital . 
Police have a man in custody . Calvin Powers , 28 , of Bluefield , VA is charged with aggravated malicious wounding and use of a firearm in commission of a felony . Powers is currently being held in Southwest Regional Jail in Tazewell . 
Not other details are known . The case remains under investigation . 
More stories on WVVA.com 