2017-02-26

Familypleads for suspect to come forward in 8-year - old girl 's killing 

HOUSTON-Dee Adkins said he still ca n't believe his baby , De'Maree , is gone . 
Numb was about the best way he could describe how he feels , but he hopes someone out there is feeling enough guilt to make them come forward . 
" Man , woman , adult , whatever : if you did this , own up to it , " he said . 
A day after a bizarre crime took his eight - year - old daughter 's life , Adkins ' world is a fog . 
" No sleep . No eating . Just remembering my baby , " he said . 
Adkins said what he remembers most about the Mac Gregor Elementary third grader is her spirit . 
" Intelligent , that 's not the word , " he said . " She is loved by all . Everybody who ever came into her presence . " 
That list includes Katana Jennings , De'Maree 's godmother . 
" Just a beautiful , amazing little girl . Always smiling , " Jennings said , describing the girl who grew up with Jennings ' own kids . 
Early Saturday morning , De'Maree was in the back seat of her mom Toyia Jarmon 's car when they got into a crash at West Fuqua and Beltway 8 . 
Following the crash , Jarmon said another car pulled up ; a woman inside fired into Jarmon 's Honda Accord . One of the bullets hit De'Maree in the chest , a wound from which she died within hours . 
RELATED : HPD : 8-year - old shot , killed after accident in south Houston 
" You took an angel from us . Everybody around here is hurting right now . What was done was very senseless , " Adkins said . 
The Houston Police Department has n't been able to track down the woman who shot De'Maree or the driver of the car that crashed into Jarmon . Crime Stoppers is offering a $ 5,000 reward for information in the case . 
" It probably was n't intentional , but they made the decision to fire shots into that car to cause harm , " said Jennings about why those involved should come forward . 
She said she knows someone out there is living with the guilt of taking a young girl 's life while those who loved De'Maree live with the reality that they wo n't ever see her smile again . 
" I would n't wish that on my worst enemy , " said Adkins . 
When De'maree 's former classmates will return to school tomorrow , HISD said extra counselors will be on hand to help them deal with any grief . 
A GoFundMe account has been set up to help the family with funeral expenses . Anyone wishing to donate to the family can do so here . 
© 2017 KHOU - TV 