2017-04-19

PoliceID carjacking suspect in officer - involved shooting 

ALBUQUERQUE, N.M. ( KRQE ) – A scary situation unfolded Friday afternoon in the parking lot of a state office building . 
The Albuquerque Police Department says one of its officers opened fire to stop an attempted carjacking . The armed suspect was hit and wounded , and so was the woman he was carjacking . 
The suspect , 41-year - old Lee Brandenburg , and his female victim were each shot in the leg , but police aren’t saying who shot her — just that at least one officer fired . 
Police say officers tried to arrest a suspect who had a burglary warrant and misdemeanor traffic warrants . That happened near the Mazda dealership on the other side of the freeway , but police say the suspect ran . 
Officers caught up with the suspect in the parking lot of the New Mexico Regulation and Licensing Department , and APD says officers witnessed the man try to carjack a woman at gunpoint . 
Sky News 13 video shows shattered glass from the broken driver ’s side window of the silver SUV. Sky News 13 also caught video of a gun on the ground . 
The incident happened just after the lunch hour , so people working in the area returned to a huge police scene . 
Police say no one suffered any life - threatening injuries . They say Brandenburg has a history of property and violent crimes . 
“ It ’s pretty dangerous , this is the exact situation we want to try and avoid and exactly why we want to keep repeat offenders in custody . This guy ’s a repeat offender , repeat violent offender , ” Officer Fred Duran said . 
San Antonio was blocked off from the frontage road east to San Pedro for hours following the shooting . The road has since reopened . 
Gov. Susana Martinez released the following statement Friday regarding the incident : 
I ask New Mexicans to keep the victim in their thoughts and prayers as she recovers . I spoke with her this evening . She is in great spirits and is very grateful for those who helped her after the shooting . I’ve also spoken with the chief of the State Police Department , and they are working closely with APD as they investigate . In addition , I’ve ordered the RLD department to have counselors on hand to assist state employees who witnessed the shooting . 