2017-01-28

Report: Man cleaning gun accidentally shoots self in Huber Heights 

Published: Saturday , March 11 , 2017 @ 10:41 PM 
As they wait for their gear to be checked before they jump out of an airplane , the more than 60 U.S. Army Reserve soldiers shake hands with living legend “ Pee Wee ” Jim Martin , one of the original “ Band of Brothers ” from World War II. 
" You know , it 's amazing . It 's amazing that he 's still living . In fact he jumped three years ago at 92 , " said Lt . Col . Paul Sanders , commander of the 412th civil affairs battalion airborne Army reserve unit out of Whitehall , Ohio . 
Martin is one of the last D - Day paratroopers still living who jumped over Normandy onto Utah Beach nearly 73 years ago . Today , he bends down to meet future paratroopers . It 's not laziness or disrespect that keeps these men and women from standing . It 's the weight on their backs . 
" They 're carrying their basic load , they 're carrying stuff to live on , their sleepin bag , things to eat with , so it 's about 100 pounds total with the gear the reserve and the main , " Sanders said . 
Wright - Patterson Air Force Base directed support for the exercises , and today the conditions were perfect . 
" Though it 's cold , the wind is relatively mild and the visibility is great so this is a great day for them to jump , " said Bradley McDonald , installation commander for WPAFB. 
The paratroopers were jumping from two C-130 aircraft , one from the Marine Corps in North Carolina , and one from the Air National Guard in Louisville , Kentucky . 
The leap can still be nerve - wracking , even for the most experienced . 
" Every single time I get butterflies , " said John Michael Betz , chaplain with the 412th civil affairs battalion out of Columbus . 
But it 's the moment after they jump every paratrooper lives for . 
" As soon as you get out of the airplane , it 's the most peaceful thing , " Betz said . 
" As soon as I exit , it 's nice and peaceful when that shoot opens , " said soldier Sarah Theobold , of Cleveland . 
Smooth sailing through the air , and a skilled landing on the ground make this jump – " It was great , " Theobold said – another success . 