2017-03-13

Undocumentedperson accused of shooting teen on birthday booked - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge , Louisiana News , Weather , Sports 

Authoritiesreport this is the vehicle the suspect was driving . ( Source : Louisiana State Police Troop D ) 
The man investigators say is responsible for the tragic ending of a birthday celebration has been booked into the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison to face murder charges in the death of a 16-year - old boy . 
The East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff ’s Office identified the victim as Darius Plummer , 16 , of Baton Rouge . Louisiana State Police identified the suspect as Octavio Bringas , 49 . He is charged with second - degree murder . 
" I ca n't believe it ; I ca n't believe it , " said Derrick Ambrose , the victim 's cousin . " I 'm trying to grasp it right now . " 
Ambrose added that Plummer left his home Monday morning to go to a friend 's house . Investigators reported Plummer lived on North Harrells Ferry Road near South Sherwood Forrest Boulevard and I-12 . 
" His friend picked him up to go over there to celebrate and next thing you know , he 's on the floor , " Ambrose said . 
Deputies said the shooting happened at Bringas ' apartment complex on Southpark Drive near Airline Highway Service Road on Monday just before 1 p.m. They said Plummer was found shot in the head and was rushed to the hospital , where he died . 
" Our detectives began working very quickly to interview those that were here at the apartment complex and they developed the suspect , " said Casey Rayborn Hicks , spokeswoman for EBRSO. 
He said that he was " not coming back and would not talk to police , " Bringas allegedly told a relative . 
The probable cause report notes that Bringas is an " undocumented person living in the United States . " 
The Louisiana State Police Fugitive Apprehension Task Force captured Bringas along I-10 in Lake Charles less than three hours after the shooting . He was booked into the Calcasieu Parish Correctional Center , state police said . 
Bringas is believed to be the father of the friend Plummer was visiting . Bringas told detectives he was playing with a gun when he mistakenly fired it . 
It 's not an easy pill for the Plummer family to swallow . 
" Why would a grown man be playing with a gun around a kid anyway ? Why ? For what ? " Ambrose asked . 
Now , relatives want more answers and justice for a young man killed on his birthday . 
" I 've been knowing him since he was a little baby . He 's an outgoing kid , always clowning , joking around , goofing off every now and then . And to hear this out the blue , it 's shocking , " Ambrose explained . 
Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved . 