2017-02-13

Man kills ex - wife , shoots teen daughter before committing suicid - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham , AL 

A man shot his 16-year - old daughter and killed her mother before turning the gun on himself , according to Horn Lake Police Department . 
Around 10:40 p.m. Sunday , emergency crews rushed to the 3100 block of Cool Springs Drive . On the scene , they found a woman and a teenager , both of whom had been shot . Friends of the family later identified them as 57-year - old Gale Hall and 16-year - old Mya Verner . 
Hall was pronounced dead on the scene ; Verner was flown to the hospital in critical condition . 
" It 's just heartbreaking , very devastating , " Debbie Butler said . " Very , very . I just ca n't even imagine , she was just young and what her daughter has to go through now . " 
Butler , a family friend , said the family members were close . 
" Very sweet child , loving . She loved her dad , momma loved her too , " Butler said . " She was Gale 's baby , no matter hold old Mya got . " 
The investigation led officers to the woman 's ex - husband and the teen 's father , Marvin Verner . DeSoto County Sheriff 's Department went to Verner 's home , where he was found dead from a self - inflicted gunshot wound . 
According to reports , Verner and her mother Gale Hall went out Sunday night to a concert . When they returned home , Verner 's father was waiting to confront his ex - wife . He fired into her Mercedes SUV , killing Hall . One bullet struck his daughter in the mouth . She then ran from the car to nearby neighbors for help . 
It took her three houses to find someone home . 
" By the time I could get my clothes on , she went to my next door neighbor 's house . She was bleeding because he shot her in the mouth , " Frederick Reed said . 
Friends and family are in shock . One friend said Marvin Verner was n't a violent man , and that he was working to reconcile with his ex - wife . 
" At first , I thought everything was cool . They 'd go out and eat and do different things , " Reed said . 
Meanwhile , friends and family are rallying around the injured child . 
" Mya 's going to need all the support that she can possibly have right now and that 's what we 're planning to do for her , " Butler said . 
Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5 . All rights reserved . 