2017-02-06

Rewardoffered for information on 3rd suspect in Walmart theft that led to fatal shooting 

Updated: Feb 6 , 2017 - 6:26 PM 
A $ 5,000 reward is being offered for information on the third person involved in a diaper theft that led to a fatal shooting of another suspect at an Orange County Walmart store . 
Deputies said a Walmart customer opened fire on Saturday morning on shoplifters who were stealing diapers from the store in the 5500 block of Clarcona Ocoee Road . 
Related Headlines State attorney to decide if man who shot Walmart theft suspect will face charges 
WATCH : Scene from the Walmart shooting 
Investigators said 19-year - old Arthur Adams was hit multiple times and died at the hospital . 
The gunman told investigators he fired because he thought one of the shoplifters was reaching for a weapon . 
The alleged shooter was identified as a 50-year - old black male , and deputies said it will be up to the state attorney ’s office as to whether he will face charges . 
The man was not a member of law enforcement . Deputies have not said if he was legally able to carry a weapon . 
.@OrangeCoSheriffs says @Walmart shooter is 50yo black male . They know , but wo n't release if he was legally able to carry his weapon @wftv pic.twitter.com/vKTWgNFpEz — Cierra Putman WFTV ( @CPutman_WFTV ) February 6 , 2017 
Deputies said he was stepping in to help a Walmart employee who was confronting the suspects outside the store . 
A second victim , only identified as a juvenile female , was hit in the leg , deputies said . 
The Orange County Sheriff 's Office learned about the girl hours after the shooting when she went to the hospital for treatment . 
She is considered a witness in the case , deputies said . 
A third person believed to have participated in the attempted shoplifting is still on the loose , deputies said . 
It 's the second shooting in a Pine Hills Walmart parking lot in under a month . We talk with concerned customers on @WFTV at noon . pic.twitter.com/PN0QKXchQ6 — Lauren Seabrook ( @LSeabrookWFTV ) February 4 , 2017 
Witness Renee Kirmani told Channel 9 she saw the three individuals pushing carts filled with diapers and other baby items to a car in the parking lot as a Walmart employee chased after them . 
" I see them surrounding the car ( and ) the boys throwing stuff in , " she said . " ( The employee ) was like , ' Do n't get in the car . ' " 
Kirmani said she was too busy taking cover to see the shooting take place . 
" That I did n't see , " she said . " I heard shots and then we just ducked down , because we did n't know where the shots were going . " 
Orange County Sheriff 's Office spokesman Capt . Angelo Nieves said the suspects got into the maroon Nissan Rogue and fled the scene . The Nissan was reported stolen during a carjacking on Jan. 13 , deputies said . 
Deputies said the driver of the Nissan hit two vehicles in the parking lot , causing one of the cars to spin , and everyone in the vehicle fled . 
The suspect who was shot was found at a nearby Citgo gas station and was taken to the hospital where he died , authorities said . 
Deputies said the investigation is ongoing and the witness who opened fire is cooperating with the investigation . 
Workers at the Citgo told Channel 9 the injured suspect walked in and fell to the floor . They said they could tell he was shot multiple times in the leg and stomach . 
Deputies said Adams is a known gang member and had been arrested 15 times . He was convicted of four felonies . 
His friend , Naynay Porter , said Adams was a good person and should not have died that way . 
“ No mother should have to bury their kid , ” she said . “ He ’s done some things in his past he ( isn’t ) proud of , but he didn’t have to die how he died . ” 
Deputies are interviewing witnesses and going through surveillance video to see if the suspects were armed . 
Channel 9 contacted Walmart to learn about the company ’s loss prevention policy , but the company declined to comment . 
Statement from Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings : 
" The Orange County Sheriff 's Office detectives have been working with Walmart representatives and interviewing witnesses to determine the facts in the weekend shooting at the Wal - Mart store . The investigation is ongoing and we ask the community not to rush to judgement . The case will be presented to the State Attorney for review and appropriate charges will be determined for all involved . The use of deadly force will be evaluated based on law and the right to protect one 's self or others from great bodily harm or death . " 
© 2017 Cox Media Group . 