2017-02-24

10shot , 1 fatally in Baltimore Thursday 

BALTIMORE- Baltimore police are investigating the shootings of nine people across the city Thursday , including two triple shootings and a fatal double shooting . 
The double shooting happened at about 6:30 p.m. in the 3700 block of Reisterstown Rd . An adult male was killed . 
Police did not have a suspect or a motive . 
Three people were shot in the 1200 block of N. Luzerne Avenue around 5:15 p.m. , police said . 
Police found a 27-year - old man in wheelchair , shot in the head , a 26-year - old man shot in the ankle and a 21-year - old man shot in the abdomen . All are expected to survive , police said . 
Police spokesman Det . Donny Moses said the victims were on a crowded street corner when the shots were fired . 
No suspect was named , nor was a motive . 
The shooting was the second triple shooting in just under three hours . 
Just before 2 p.m. , three people were shot outside the Fifth Street Food Market in the Brooklyn neighborhood , police said . 
RELATED : Triple shooting in South Baltimore under investigation 
Police said the victims included 17- and 18-year - old males and a 34-year - old woman . 
All three victims are expected to survive . Police said one of the victims is " known " to police , and one of male victims worked at the store , though was not working when the shooting occurred . 
Police are said a black male in a red hoodie fires the shots , and believed the shooting was retaliatory in nature . 
Police also said a person walked in to a local hospital after being shot in he 2200 block of Annapolis Rd . 
A suspect was not identified . 
At approximately 9:05 p.m. a 21-year - old was shot in the 300 block of W. Lanvale Street . The victim was shot in the thigh . Police believe this was a self - inflicted wound . 
He was transported to an area hospital with a non - life threatening injury . 
Police ask that you call Metro Crimestoppers with information at 1 - 866 - 7-LOCKUP or text to 443 - 902 - 4824 . 
Download the ABC2 News app for the iPhone , Kindle and Android 