2017-02-01

4shot at busy Memphis bowling alley - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis , Tennessee 

Gunfireerupted into a popular Memphis bowling alley Tuesday night . 
Three people were shot around 11:30 p.m. at Billy Hardwick 's All Star Lanes on South White Station Road . 
" It came out of nowhere , " victim Miosha Cook said . " I was just playing . " 
Cook was one of four people to be shot inside the bowling alley . 
Memphis Police Department said it all started with an argument at the checkout counter . An alley regular got upset and stormed out of the building . He went to his truck , pulled out a rifle , and started shooting through the front doors . 
All four of the shooting victims were treated at the hospital and released . 
Cook said she does n't blame the bowling alley , and she will be back to bowl again as soon as possible . 
" I feel like I was just at the wrong place at the wrong time . The bowling alley did n't have anything to do with it , " Cook said . 
Billy Hardwick 's All Star Lanes released the following statement about the shooting : 
Last evening , just 30 minutes prior to closing , a fight broke out inside our bowling center amongst a group of patrons . It escalated to one man going out into the parking lot and retrieving a gun from his vehicle , and he fired shots from the parking lot through the front door directed at those involved in the altercation . Three people were injured and were all in stable condition . Our thoughts and prayers are with them and we are thankful they are expected to make full recoveries . We take the safety of our customers and employees very seriously and in the 35 years we have been in business , nothing like this has ever happened . This was strictly an isolated and personal incident . In addition to our security cameras and armed security guard , who came inside the building when the fight broke out , we will be taking extra precautions to further ensure the safety of our customers and staff . We will be adding additional armed security guards , and will implement a zero - tolerance policy regarding any behavior that could potentially lead to violence . We would like to thank everyone for their calls and emails of concern . We are doing well and are open for business . 
The suspect in this shooting was a regular at the bowling alley , but police said the suspect is not yet in custody . 
Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5 . All rights reserved . 