2017-04-09

Auntsays teens were ' playing around ' with hunting rifle that killed nephew ; DA investigating 

OnSaturday afternoon inside a Lower Macungie Township home tucked in the woods at the end of a private road , a group of teens started passing around a hunting rifle . 
The aunt of one of the teens said Sunday she did not know who brought the rifle to the house , but they were " playing around with it " when the rifle fired . Somarie Astudillo said a round hit the stomach of her nephew , 17-year - old Chris Perez of Allentown , killing him . 
Now , Perez 's death is under investigation by state police and the Lehigh County coroner 's office , as authorities try to piece together exactly what happened at the home in the 3900 block of Orchard Road . 
" There were a number of other individuals inside the home at the time this happened , " Lehigh County District Attorney Jim Martin said Sunday . 
The shooting happened around 3:40 p.m. , and Perez was pronounced dead about an hour later at Lehigh Valley Hospital - Cedar Crest , according to the coroner . An autopsy is scheduled for Monday . 
At the row home of Perez 's family in the 400 block of North 15th Street , sobbing family members gathered around a table and tried to comfort one another , passing tissues around to wipe away the tears . 
Perez 's mother , Jeanette Segarra , stared blankly ahead as family members tried to console her . 
" We want whoever did this to pay , " Astudillo said . " This is incredibly sad for my family . Chris was a wonderful boy who had everything going for him . " 
The Lower Macungie home where the shooting occurred is at the end of a rutted , dirt road . The property has large tree house in the front yard . On Sunday afternoon , there was also what looked like the smoldering remains of a large campfire . 
A woman at the home declined to give her name , but cried and said what had happened was " heartbreaking . " 
" We are still waiting for answers , " she said . 
Astudillo said her nephew was hanging out with friends , including a close friend who lived at the Lower Macgunie home . The boy often visited Perez 's Allentown home as well , she said . 
She said the teens were hanging out — " you know , like teens do , " she said — when someone showed the rifle and passed it around . 
" Chris had asked if the gun was loaded and someone told him ' no , ' " Astudillo said , her eyes filling with tears . " But as they were playing with it and passing it around , a shot went off and Chris was hit . " 
" His poor mother did n't even get to touch her son , " Astudillo added . " This is just devastating because the family does n't even have enough money to pay for a funeral . " 
A GoFundMe account has been set up to help the boy 's family with the funeral expenses . As of Sunday evening , more than $ 1,285 had been raised toward the $ 5,000 goal . 
Perez was a quiet teen , a " wonderful boy , " who was n't in trouble and was a good friend , his aunt said . 
" We just all need some answers . " 
— Pamela Lehman 
pamela.lehman@mcall.com 
Twitter @pamelalehman 
610 - 820 - 6790 