2017-03-26

Cincinnati nightclub shooting : One killed , 15 injured 

( CNN ) They came for a night of music and dancing . They left by fleeing past wounded clubgoers lying on a bloody floor . 
Shortly after 1 a.m. Sunday at the packed Cameo Night Club in Cincinnati , a DJ called for security over and over , one man recalled later . 
Four off - duty police officers were outside in the parking lot . 
To get in , clubgoers had been searched with an electronic wand to detect hidden weapons . 
Still , the witness told CNN affiliate WLWT that he heard about 20 gunshots in the club . 
One person was killed and 15 wounded . Police said several people had been able to sneak guns into the club and they believe more than one person was involved in the shooting . They said it might have developed from a dispute that started earlier in the day . 
The shooting was not related to terrorism , authorities said . 
Cincinnati Police Chief Eliot Isaac addresses reporters after Sunday morning 's fatal shooting . 
Police identified the slain man as O'Bryan Spikes , 27 . 
Several victims were undergoing surgery , Cincinnati Police Sgt . Eric Franz told CNN Sunday morning . Police do not have any suspects in custody but are interviewing witnesses . 
' A lot of chaos ' 
Cameo is in the former home of a gay bar called Adonis , which closed in 2012 . 
It is in the city 's East End area , on the Ohio River Scenic Byway near Cincinnati Municipal Airport - Lunken Field , amid used auto parts yards and marinas . 
Cameo hires police officers for extra security . Two officers were stationed at the club 's entrance and another two in the parking lot , Franz said . 
Officers in those situations are allowed to provide security only outside the clubs , Police Chief Eliot Isaac said later . Clubs are responsible for their internal security . 
A man who was inside told CNN affiliate WLWT that he heard the DJ calling for security , although the music had n't stopped . 
" It was just a lot of chaos , obviously , when the shots went off , " Cincinnati Police Department Capt . Kimberly Williams said . " People ( were ) just trying to get out of harm 's way . " 
To leave the club , some partiers had to flee past injured people on the floor . 
' Chaotic crime scene ' 
Police found a " chaotic crime scene " as they looked for witnesses , many of whom took off when the shooting started , said Cincinnati Assistant Police Chief Paul Neudigate . 
" Everyone that we can identify is being interviewed , " he said . 
The packed parking lot and the crowds trying to drive away hindered fire rescue teams , Assistant Fire Chief Roy Winston said . 
Members of the ATF and local police work at the Cameo nightclub Sunday . 
" You had a mass group of people leaving the scene , " Winston said . 
Police are hoping witnesses will come forward to help identify suspects . 
Some of the injured drove themselves to area hospitals , police said . 
One patient was treated for a gunshot wound and released from Anderson Hospital , said Nanette Bentley , hospital spokeswoman . Another person walked into West Hospital with a non - gunshot injury and was treated and released , Bentley said . 
' Just going to have a good time ' 
Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley said his city is " deeply saddened by this tragedy " and urged community members to work together . 
Cincinnati Mayor John Cranley delivers a statement about the shooting at the Cameo Night Club . 
" People were just going to have a good time and ended up getting shot , " he said . " That is totally unacceptable . 
" This is a tragedy that has struck other communities and now it has struck Cincinnati . Our hearts are broken but our spirit is not . " 
Club has had ' challenges in the past ' 
The Cameo nightclub allows admission to anyone over the age of 18 on Friday nights . Saturday nights are 21 and above and promoted as " grown and sexy " night . 
Cameo has a history of violent incidents , WLWT reported . 
" We are aware of it . It ( the club ) has had some challenges in the past , " Neudigate said . 
Multiple assaults were reported at Cameo from 2014 to 2016 , affiliate WXIX reported . 
Worst US mass shooting so far this year 
The incident is the worst mass shooting ( for total number of victims ) so far in 2017 , according to Gunviolencearchive.com . There have been 71 in the US this year . 
In Cincinnati alone , there have been at least nine since 2013 . The most recent was February 28 , when six people were shot at an apartment building in the Northside neighborhood . 
The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms is helping Cincinnati police with this investigation . 
Saddened to learn about last night 's shooting in Cincinnati . Our prayers are with the victims and families of all of those involved . ( 1/2 ) — John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March 26 , 2017 
I 've instructed our administration to offer any assistance the state can provide . ( 2/2 ) — John Kasich ( @JohnKasich ) March 26 , 2017 
" Saddened to learn about last night 's shooting in Cincinnati , " Ohio Gov. John Kasich tweeted . " Our prayers are with the victims and families of all of those involved . 
" I 've instructed our administration to offer any assistance the state can provide . " 