2017-02-06

Three killed in multiple Baltimore County shootings over the weekend 

Three people were killed in a violent weekend in Baltimore County that included a double and triple shooting . 
The first fatal shooting occurred on Friday after 9 p.m. , when Baltimore County officers responded to a reported shooting in the 7100 block of Rudisill Court in Windsor Mill . When they arrived , they found a man lying on the floor inside an apartment with multiple gunshot wounds , police said . The man was identified as Muhamad Birkdar , 24 , whose last known address was in the 100 block of Rogers Cockrell Lane in Dundalk . He was pronounced dead at the scene . Homicide detectives do not have a suspect in the fatal shooting and continue to investigate . 
At 10 a.m. Saturday , county police responded to a shooting in a condominium in the first block of Continental Court in Owings Mills . Officers arrived and found two men and a woman , all suffering from gunshot wounds . 
One man was pronounced dead at the scene . He was identified as Dominic Boyd , 39 . Police said the wounded woman was Boyd 's estranged wife , Shakesha Boyd , 38 , who lived in the block . Police have not yet identified the injured man but said both he and Shakesha Boyd were taken to Maryland Shock Trauma Center for treatment . 
Homicide detectives believe that Dominic Boyd came to his estranged wife 's condominium , where the shooting broke out among the three victims . Police recovered two handguns at the scene and continue to investigate who shot who , they said . 
Shakesha Boyd , who suffered multiple gunshot wounds to the upper body , was expected to survive , police said . The condition of the unidentified victim remained unknown on Monday . 
Just before 9:30 p.m. on Saturday , Baltimore County officers were called to the 2900 block of Lakebrook Circle in Lansdowne , where they found two men with gunshot wounds inside an apartment . 
One the victims , Larry Lynch , Jr. , 28 , who lived in the same block , was pronounced dead at the scene . The second victim , Omar Hamilton , 17 , who also lived in the block , was taken to a hospital , where he was listed in serious condition . 
Caption Police charge son in mother 's strangling death after Baltimore funeral home discovers injuries Police charge son in mother 's strangling death after Baltimore funeral home discovers injuries . ( Baltimore Sun video ) Police charge son in mother 's strangling death after Baltimore funeral home discovers injuries . ( Baltimore Sun video ) Caption If charges against Baltimore cops stand , what have we here ? " If all of this is true and the charges stick , then what we have here is either an example of grand stupidity or arrogance by cynical cops , or sheer brazenness , or commanders being blind or asleep , " says Baltimore Sun columnist Dan Rodricks . " If all of this is true and the charges stick , then what we have here is either an example of grand stupidity or arrogance by cynical cops , or sheer brazenness , or commanders being blind or asleep , " says Baltimore Sun columnist Dan Rodricks . 
Homicide detectives continue to investigate all three shootings and ask anyone with information to call Baltimore County Police at ( 410 ) 307 - 2020 . 
jgeorge@baltsun.com 
Twitter.com/justingeorge 