2017-01-16

SeveralPeople Shot During MLK Day Celebration 

FollowCBSMIAMI.COM : Facebook | Twitter 
MIAMI ( CBSMiami ) – Several people have been shot while celebrating Martin Luther King Jr. Day at a Miami park on Monday . 
The shooting happened at around 3:40 p.m. at Martin Luther King Jr. Park located at 6000 NW 32nd Court . 
Witnesses reported hearing gunfire just west of where food trucks and booths had been set up . 
One food truck vendor said , “ I saw a lot of people running . I think like five people got hit , probably all teenagers , three girls and two male . ” 
Miami - Dade police said in total eight people were shot . 
“ Eight victims – two of which are adult males , one critically injured , ” said Miami - Dade police spokesperson Marjorie Eloi . 
Miami - Dade Fire Rescue said they transported six people suffering from gunshot wounds to the hospital . Two others were treated on the scene and released . 
“ You have people in the panic of it all were injured in the stampede seeking shelter , ” Det . Eloi said . 
Police identified five of the victims : 14-year - old Lajada Benson , 15-year - old Nakya - Senat Butler , 18-year - old Shawnteri Wilson , 20 year - old Jerome Battle and 30-year - old Michael Clarke . 
Investigators have detained two people for questioning and have recovered two weapons . 
Two individuals have been detained , two weapons have been recovered . pic.twitter.com/HYzA2hBSSD — Miami - Dade Police ( @MiamiDadePD ) January 16 , 2017 
Authorities do not have a motive at this time . 
“ I don’t know what happened . Just a lot of shooting and we had to pack up and go , ” said another food truck vendor . 
Miami - Dade Police Director Juan Perez responded to news of the shooting on social media . 
@MiamiDadePD shameful closing to the MLK Parade . Certainly not what the followers of Dr. King Jr. want out of our community . — Juan Perez ( @JPerezinMia ) January 16 , 2017 
If you have any information that can help police , please contact Miami - Dade Crime Stoppers at ( 305 ) 471-TIPS. 
Stay with CBSMiami.com for updates on this developing story . 