2017-01-19

Allegeddrug dealer shoots self in hand 

CCSOTyriek Jackson 
A man suspected of dealing marijuana is in jail after a self - inflicted gunshot wound eventually led police to his supply . 
Tyriek Jackson , 19 , was arrested Tuesday afternoon and now faces charges of marijuana possession with intent to distribute . 
Related Stories Gunshot victim now in jail on drug charges Man gives new meaning to ‘ shooting yourself in the foot’ 
Be in the know the moment news happens Subscribe to Daily and 
Breaking News Alerts 
On the evening of Jan. 5 , officers responded to a call of a gunshot wound at 63 Nury Trace in Newnan . The victim , Jackson , told police he was reaching under a pillow when the gun just “ went off , ” according to the police report . 
Police said Jackson accidentally shot himself in the hand with a 9mm handgun loaded with hollow - point rounds , and was later transported to Atlanta Medical Center for treatment . Investigators traced the bullet from the bedroom to the outside garage before it came to rest in the exterior of his neighbor ’s house . 
No one else was hurt by the bullet , police said . One neighbor told police she did not hear anything other than a pop sound which she believed may have come from the TV while she was cooking dinner . 
Inside Jackson ’s residence , investigators noticed a strong smell of marijuana , and a subsequent search of the home uncovered a 1-ounce bag of marijuana and scales , according to the report . 
After recovering from his injuries , Jackson was arrested on the charges stemming from the incident . 
The incident marks the second time in two months a person suspected of dealing marijuana has suffered from self - inflicted gunshot wound in Coweta . 
Tamarcus Pittman , 20 , was arrested in December after accidentally shooting himself in the foot . A search of his home also uncovered over 3 ounces of marijuana , several oxycodone , hydrocodone , and alprazolam pills along over $ 2,000 in cash , according to investigators . 
* * * * 
Clay Neely : clay@newnan.com , @clayneely 