2017-03-23

Duluthpolice give update on two shooting cases 

Investigatorswere burdened with six shootings , one fatal , over the course of a 25-day period in January and February — by all accounts an unprecedented series of incidents in the city ’s recent history . 
And while four of those cases , including the fatal shooting , have resulted in arrests and criminal charges , investigations remain open in two incidents . 
In one case , a 17-year - old male was taken to a Duluth hospital with non - life - threatening injuries after being shot on Jan. 26 . Police established a crime scene at an apartment building at 702 E. Fourth St. and said at the time that they had a person of interest in the case . 
However , police spokesman Ron Tinsley said this week that the investigation has been made inactive , citing an “ uncooperative victim ” in making it difficult to move forward with the case . The victim ’s identity has not been released . 
Meanwhile , Tinsley said an investigation into the Feb. 4 shooting of a 37-year - old man on the 100 block of North 65th Ave . W. remains open . Police said the victim was shot while attending a party ; a second house also was struck by gunfire , but no one at that address was injured . 
Todd Seehus told the News Tribune this week that he was the victim of the shooting . He said he was hospitalized for two days when he was grazed by one bullet and struck in the neck with another . 
Seehus said he ’s frustrated by the case because he believes he knows the identity of the shooter , who he said was after a resident of the house . He said he was shot when he went to see what was happening in the street after the suspect ’s vehicle pulled up . 
“ I don’t understand how they can just let a shooting go and say it ’s no big deal , ” Seehus said . “ It ’s ridiculous . ” 
Tinsley , though , said the investigation is still active . He said police are waiting for results on evidence sent to the Minnesota Bureau of Criminal Apprehension crime lab for forensic testing . That process often can take weeks or months , depending on the BCA ’s workload and case priority . 
The West Duluth and East Hillside incidents were among five non - fatal shootings to occur in the city in a span of just over two weeks between Jan. 21 and Feb. 5 . It was followed on Feb. 14 by the homicide of William Grahek , a college student who was fatally shot inside his East Hillside residence during what authorities said was an attempted robbery of drugs and cash . 
Police said there were no apparent connections between any of the incidents and that none were random . 
Chief Mike Tusken last month called the incidents a “ tremendous anomaly , ” but said he was troubled by the proliferation of firearms on the streets and the willingness of people to use them to settle minor disputes . 
“ This is not happening by accident , ” he told the News Tribune at the time . “ We take these shootings very seriously . We do have tremendous empathy for our neighborhoods that are experiencing these violent acts , and we want to make people feel safe again in their homes . ” 