2017-01-24

Momof wounded Tampa 4-year - old : ' He 's talking , he 's alive , he 's stable , he 's everything ' 

﻿AkiaThomas , 26 , was watching the child . He was charged with being a felon in possession of a firearm . 
TAMPA — A 4-year - old Tampa boy under the watch of his mother 's boyfriend suffered a gunshot wound to the chest Tuesday morning , according to the Hillsborough County Sheriff 's Office . 
In a news conference , Col . Donna Lusczynski called the shooting an accident and said detectives are investigating how the child could have gotten his hands on the gun , but she stopped short of saying the wound was self - inflicted . 
" This is obviously a horrible accident and we 're still trying to determine what caused it , " Lusczynski said . 
Investigators were interviewing family and neighbors about what happened and how the gun was typically stored in the home , located in the 12000 block of Tinsley Circle at Key Vista Apartments near University Mall . 
Deputies charged the boyfriend , 26-year - old Akia Thomas , with being a felon in possession of a firearm . 
Thomas has a lengthy arrest record , which includes convictions for cocaine and marijuana possession , according to Florida Department of Law Enforcement records . He spent seven months in state prison in 2011 for possessing more than 20 grams of marijuana , records show . 
" He should n't have ( a gun ) around him or be around them , " Lusczynski said . 
The boy , Roshad Richardson , was taken to St. Joseph 's Hospital and was doing well after surgery Tuesday afternoon , said his mother , Delicia Forte . 
" The family is good , " said Forte , 24 . " I have a strong backbone and I 'm just grateful my son is doing great . He 's talking , he 's alive , he 's stable , he 's everything . " 
Forte declined to speculate about how Roshad was injured . She was taking her 1-year - old daughter to day care at the time of the shooting , about 8:30 a.m. Her 6-year - old daughter , who also lives in the apartment , was at school at the time , leaving Thomas alone with the boy . 
" The only thing I want to discuss is my healthy , stable son , " Roshad told a Tampa Bay Times reporter . " He 'll be coming home soon . " 
Times news researcher John Martin contributed to this report . Contact Anastasia Dawson at adawson@tampabay.com or ( 813 ) 226 - 3377 . Follow @adawsonwrites . 