2017-03-24

Neighborsdemand action after gang shooting 

Neighborshows a bullet that went through her home after shots fired into a crowd in the Dallas ' Wheatley Place neighborhood . ( Photo : Demond Fernandez , WFAA ) 
DALLAS -- It ’s been three days since two teens were shot in a Dallas park . Neighbors are growing more frustrated that dozens of bullets fired haven’t brought more official attention – like from the mayor – to the area . 
Dallas Police officers were busy on foot patrol in the neighborhood on Wednesday afternoon . They were talking to neighbors and canvassing the streets , three days after suspects fired shots into a crowd of about 300 people gathered at nearby Wheatley Park . 
The impact of the shooting is still fresh on the minds of longtime residents like Gloria Lee . “ I just started praying , ” she said as she reflected on the chaos from Sunday night . 
Lee ’s house is one of several near the park that was hit by bullets . 
“ I heard it , ” Lee said , “ It hit everything . Ping . Ping . Poom . The fence and everything . ” 
Some neighbors in South Dallas say they are left with many questions about Sunday night ’s gathering at the park , and the city ’s response to what police are calling a gang - related shooting . 
A 16-year - old girl was hit in the face with a bullet while trying to shield a two - year - old child . A 17-year - old boy was shot in the leg . 
“ I didn’t holler , ” Lee explained , “ I fell on the floor . ” 
Several neighbors on Lee ’s street said they expected the mayor and other city leaders to address the violence , by now . 
“ I’ve never been short on words , but they need to be more concerned . They need to come out here . It ’s just not the police that is supposed to be walking around , " Lee said . 
On Friday Mayor Mike Rawlings issued the following statement : 
It is disturbing to me that this ongoing gang feud has continued to escalate to the point that it has now claimed the two teenage victims who were injured last weekend . My heart goes out to the two victims , who I’m told are recovering with non - life threatening injuries . I know Dallas police are aggressively investigating this case and have devoted significant resources and attention to solving it . 
I am encouraged to see the community involvement in resolving these gang issues . With summer quickly approaching , it is especially important for communities to band together and make sure the young people are involved in positive activities . My office has several programs coming up this spring and summer to better engage our youth , and I urge parents and community leaders to work with us to support our young Dallasites . 
Copyright 2016 WFAA 