2017-01-27

Mother, 2 children found dead in murder - suicide in Ripley Co. - Tri - State News , Weather & Sports 

RipleyCo. Sheriff Barton said they believe Laura Coleman and her two children died in a murder - suicide . ( Source : Ripley County Sheriff 's Office ) 
The Ripley County Sheriff 's Office reports finding a mother and her two children dead in a murder - suicide . 
Around 2 p.m. on Thursday , Jan. 26 , the bodies of Laura Coleman , 32 , and her two young children , Gunner and Maycie , were discovered in Coleman 's rural Ripley County home near the Fairdealing area . 
Laura Coleman 's mother is grieving after losing three of her family members in a matter of moments . 
She said the loss is unfathomable . 
" I do n't know how to speak to what has happened , because no one understands , " Ellen Martinez said . 
She said she spoke to her daughter two hours before the tragedy struck . Coleman was getting ready to head to Arkansas with her two children . 
" We were getting ready to celebrate Maycie 's fifth birthday this weekend , " Martinez said . 
No one understands why Coleman took her life and the lives of her children . 
" She lived her life to protect her kids , " Martinez said . " She 's had a rough last few years . We got her to a safe place . They 've actually done really well . " 
Martinez said her daughter loved her children deeply . 
" Maycie was just the light of her life , " she said . " Laura loved her children and her life above anything else . " 
She said the Ripley County community has opened their arms to her . 
" Thank you for the support and the lack of judgment , " she said . " This could have been anyone 's child . " 
Ripley County Sheriff Mike Barton was visibly shaken from the incident . He said it 's hard to talk about . 
" We all have children and grandchildren , " he said , " so it 's hard . " 
" You never know when that one little moment is going to be the last time you get to say , ' I love you , ' or touch their hand or look into their eyes and see their future , " Ellen Martinez said . " Just take a moment today , because nothing else matters but them . " 
He said a school worker found the scene after going to the home because the children , a four - year - old girl in kindergarten and a two - year - old boy , did n't show up for school . The school worker then went to the police department . 
The Current River Major Case Squad was activated to investigate leads in the case , and officers from the Ripley County Sheriff 's Office , Doniphan City Police , and Missouri State Highway Patrol responded . 
Autopsies on Coleman and her two children were scheduled for Friday morning . 
Sheriff Barton said the autopsies showed the children were shot and killed and then Coleman turned the gun on herself . 
The People 's Community Bank in Doniphan is accepting donations from anyone would like to donate to the families of the victims . 
Download the KFVS News app : iPhone | Android 
Copyright 2017 KFVS. All rights reserved . 