2017-02-25

Prosecutors : Social media feud prompted Howland shooting 
HOWLAND , Ohio ( WKBN ) – Prosecutors say a fight on social media prompted a shooting that killed two people and injured three others in Howland . 
The man accused of the mass shooting on Saturday afternoon , 47-year - old Nasser Hamad , appeared in court Monday . He is charged with two counts of aggravated murder and three counts of attempted aggravated murder and remains in the Trumbull County Jail on $ 5 million bond . 
Police said the incident stemmed from a family dispute regarding Hamad dating Tracy Hendrickson , the mother of one of the victims , 20-year - old Bryce Hendrickson . She was not involved in the shooting but was inside the house when it happened . 
Bryce is the son , who is upset because [ Tracy ] is dating Nasser Hamad and has left her husband , ” Howland Police Chief Nick Roberts said . 
One of the victims is 20-year - old Joshua Williams , who passed away at the hospital . Josh Haber , 19 , died at the house on Niles - Cortland Road . 
Two of the victims had surgery Saturday night — Bryce Hendrickson and 43-year - old April Trent ( Vokes ) — the other victim is 17-year - old John Shivley . Trent was shot multiple times in the head , chest , arms and legs , and remains hospitalized . Hendrickson was shot in the face and arm . 
Prosecutors say Hamad showed little remorse during his arrest , shouting , “ That ’s what you get you little [ expletive ] ! How do you like that ? ” to Hendrickson , according to a prosecutor ’s affidavit . 
Trumbull County Sheriff Paul Monroe said the shooting happened in the front yard of the home , which is owned by Hamad . He came out of the house with his hands up when officers arrived . 
Investigators were well aware of a string of Facebook messages between Hamad and some of the people who showed up at his house over the weekend . 
Court documents say Bryce Hendrickson has a Facebook account under the name of “ Joaquin Guzman , ” in which he used to argue with Hamad in the past . 
According to prosecutors , Hendrickson told Hamad , “ My mom was dissing the [ expletive ] outta you too bruh , ” to which Hamad responded , “ Your mom one of many broads that love me… ” and “ U beat your mom . ” The conversation then turned to allegations that Hamad stole items from Hendrickson , followed by threats between the two in which Hamad tells them to come to his house . 
Prosecutors said Hamad said he was tired of the argument and told them to come over , posting his address in the conversation . He told them to beep when they got there , prosecutors said . 
Hamad said , “ I waiting and blind open . I never call 911 do nt worry ! Come u [ expletives ] , ” court documents said . 
None of the fighting over Facebook surprised the mother of Joshua Williams , who died in the gunfire . 
“ We knew of the animosity that was going on . Their mother , Bryce Hendrickson ’s mother , continued for months to play games with the kid , my nephew , Bryce . [ She ] would come back home and leave them again , come back home and disappear again , ” Kristen Williams said . It was months of head games but my son had no involvement in this . Officials say Trent drove all five victims to Hamad ’s house on Niles - Cortland Road Saturday to confront him about the ongoing dispute . 
Hamad told police that one of the people in the van had a knife but he didn’t see a gun , according to court documents . 
Investigators said the situation began when all five got out of the van and a fist fight broke out between Hamad and the 17-year - old boy . 
When it ended , they returned to the van while Hamad went inside the home , grabbed a handgun , and started shooting at the vehicle as he walked toward it around 4:25 p.m. Saturday , court documents say . 
He unloaded the entire magazine before going back inside to grab another clip and start shooting again . 
Witnesses told investigators Hamad placed the gun in the passenger side window and shot at the people inside . 
Investigators said Hamad told them , “ I just shot them . I got tired of this [ expletive ] . They been [ expletive ] with me for a long time and they shouldn’t have come over . An EMT told police that he approached the van because he believed the injuries were from a car wreck . He said he asked Hamad what happened , and Hamad responded , “ I’ll show you what happened ” as he reached between his legs and appeared to be racking a round into a gun or unjamming a gun . The EMT told police that Hamad then fired a shot toward the female driver . 
He said another man wearing pajama pants told Hamad “ You shot my mom [ expletive ] ” and Hamad fired three times at the man in pajama pants . 
At that point , the EMT drove away and ran from the area , court documents said . 
Police said as he continued shooting , Hendrickson and the 17-year - old boy ran down Niles - Cortland Road . 
Assistant Prosecutor Chris Becker said investigators did a wonderful job collecting evidence and handling a very chaotic scene . 
“ We’re prepared to prosecute this as evidence by the filing of the complaint and the affidavit . We’re ready to go and we’ll see what the grand jury decides . In court Monday , Hamad ’s attorney was quick to reveal their legal defense . 
He protected himself . They beat him . Defended himself , ” Roger Bauer said . 
Hamad ’s attorney said his client ’s arm was broken in the scuffle . 
My client was at his house , he was attacked by five people . He protected himself . Two of them are dead , several others are wounded . This isn’t the first time police dealt with an issue between Hamad and his girlfriend ’s children . 
Last year , Hamad reported that people were driving past his house , yelling obscenities and throwing trash in the yard . He suspected Hendrickson ’s family was involved . 
He said they also sent threatening text messages , saying they were bringing guns and a “ street gang ” was going to his house . 
Chief Roberts said investigators advised Hamad to speak with a prosecutor about a restraining order but he never followed through . 
Even though Hamad ’s son and two friends were in court Monday , they were not willing to talk with WKBN. 
