2017-02-25

1dead , 7 wounded in Chicago shootings 

Aman was killed and at least seven other people were wounded in shootings from Saturday morning to early Sunday , police said . 
Three people , including a 15-year - old girl , were wounded after a shootout in the South Shore neighborhood . 
The three were traveling with others in a black Toyota van about 8:05 a.m. Saturday when they began to exchange gunfire with a nearby Chevrolet Tahoe . The Toyota van was found in the 7400 block of South Baldwin Avenue , where emergency crews arrived to discover that three of its occupants had been shot by someone in the Tahoe . 
A 15-year - old girl was shot in the left buttock and taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital . Her condition was stabilized . 
A 20-year - old man was grazed in the cheek and listed in good condition . Police did not release information about the hospital where he was being treated . 
A 39-year - old man was shot in the right arm and taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in good condition . 
Soon after , police squeezed their vehicles into the 7400 block of Baldwin , in an alley lined with garages and garbage bins . They taped off the area around the Toyota , which sat near 75th Street , its back window shattered and hollowed out . Snowflakes drifted to the ground as police investigated the scene . 
" There are two or three guns down there , " an officer said , pointing to the area near the minivan . " And one down here . " He pointed toward the property of a home near 74th , about four houses down from the minivan . 
6200 block of South Rhodes Avenue Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune Chicago police investigate a shooting in the 6200 block of South Rhodes Avenue in Chicago on Feb. 25 , 2017 . Chicago police investigate a shooting in the 6200 block of South Rhodes Avenue in Chicago on Feb. 25 , 2017 . ( Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune ) ( Chris Sweda / Chicago Tribune ) 
One person was in custody in connection with the shooting . 
In the fatal shooting , an 18-year - old man was killed in the East Side neighborhood at 1:20 a.m. Sunday , police said . 
He and another man were about to get into a parked car in the 10900 block of South Mackinaw Avenue when someone in a passing silver Chevrolet Malibu fired shots toward them . 
The man was shot in the back and taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center , where he was pronounced dead . 
Other shootings : 
At 11:50 p.m. Saturday , a 25-year - old man walked into Stroger Hospital with gunshot wounds to his right knee . He reportedly was shot in the 300 block of South Damen Avenue but refused to give police any further information about the attack . His condition was stabilized . 
At 6 p.m. , a 38-year - old man was shot multiple times in the 6200 block of South Rhodes Avenue , police said . He was wounded in the chest , face and abdomen and he got himself to University of Chicago Medical Center , police said . He was listed in critical condition and slated to be transferred to Mount Sinai Hospital for treatment . 
About 7:20 a.m. , two men ages 40 and 38 walked into Community First Medical Center , each with a gunshot wound to the knee . They told investigators they were going north in the 3300 block of North Central Avenue when a dark sedan pulled up and someone inside opened fire . Their conditions were stabilized . 