2017-01-18
Person of interest arrested after body of 15-year - old Brennon Davis found on fire in Wagoner County 
WAGONER COUNTY - A person of interest is in custody as authorities continue to investigate what happened to 15-year - old Brennon Davis , whose body was found on fire in Wagoner County on January 12 . NEWLINE Deputies arrested Josh Herrington for obstruction of justice Sunday morning . NEWLINE The arrest comes one day after deputies identified the body of a missing 15-year - old found on fire near a Wagoner County yacht club as Brennon Davis of Okay , Oklahoma . NEWLINE A statement from the Wagoner County sheriff 's offices said they also have a second person of interest , but are not releasing that person 's name . The second person of interest was not in custody as of Monday , according to authorities . NEWLINE RELATED : Authorities investigate after body found on fire in Wagoner County NEWLINE Davis was last seen the night of January 11 . He was reported missing the morning of January 12 . NEWLINE On January 12 at about 10 p.m. , neighbors reported hearing gunshots in the Jackson Bay area of Ft . Gibson Lake . Deputies responded to find a body on fire , so badly damaged they were unable to determine its identity or gender . NEWLINE The state medical examiner identified the body as Davis on Saturday . The office said a report will not be available until Tuesday because of the holiday . The report will determine whether Davis sustained gunshots and whether he was alive or dead at the time the fire was set . NEWLINE " We are working diligently , chasing every tip , and lead that comes in . We are working one step at a time to make sure we do n't miss anything . " Said Sheriff Chris Elliott . NEWLINE Anyone with information is asked to contact the Wagoner County Sheriff 's Office . NEWLINE Stay in touch with us anytime , anywhere . NEWLINE Download our free app for Apple and Android and Kindle devices . NEWLINE Sign up for newsletters emailed to your inbox . Select from these options : Breaking News , Severe Weather , School Closings , Daily Headlines and Daily Forecasts . NEWLINE Follow us on Twitter : NEWLINE Like us on Facebook : 