2017-03-16
3-Year - Old Shot In Head Was Playing ' Cops And Robbers , ' Police Say 
Ambulances can be seen in this file photo . View Full Caption DNAinfo/Benjamin Woodard NEWLINE CHICAGO — A 3-year - old boy was accidentally shot in the head while playing " cops and robbers " inside his home , where a police spokesman said the conditions were deplorable . NEWLINE " A travesty , " said Anthony Guglielmi , the Chicago Police Department 's top spokesman , on Twitter . NEWLINE The boy and three other children had been left home alone in a house contained a " sizable " amount of drugs , Guglielmi said . The parents were later taken into custody . NEWLINE At 4:58 p.m. , officers responding to a call of a person shot found the toddler in the 6200 block of South Aberdeen Street , police said . The toddler had been shot in his head in a home , police said , and the shooting appeared to have been an accident . NEWLINE The toddler was taken to Comer Children 's Hospital , police said , where he was in critical condition . NEWLINE UPDATE : 3-year - old shot in head in critical condition , police say : https://t.co/0hJDBjPKpH pic.twitter.com/ysHV6KXFOk — ABC 7 Chicago ( @ABC7Chicago ) March 16 , 2017 NEWLINE The shooting happened while the boy and other children were playing " cops and robbers , " said Guglielmi , who described the home 's condition as " deplorable " and the incident " a travesty . " NEWLINE Guns were removed from the home , police said . The mother had a state firearms owner identification card " and appeared to legally own a .40-caliber handgun that police found in an unlocked lock box in the home , " the Tribune reported . NEWLINE Community activist Andrew Holmes was at the hospital and told Fox32 , " At this point the health of the child is the concern right about now , then tracing where that gun came from , who brought that gun into the house and who had that gun . " NEWLINE The shooting comes a little more than a month after 2-year - old Lavontay White , 11-year - old Takiya Holmes and 12-year - old Kanari Gentry were killed in separate shootings . The children were killed within days of each other . NEWLINE Chicago saw more children shot in 2016 than it had in previous years . Even for those who survive , the city 's violence can have a lasting impact , experts say . Children who have suffered trauma like a shooting are more likely to have physical and mental health issues later in life . They even may experience developmental problems because they live in constant " fight or flight " mode . NEWLINE At the same time , organizations that help traumatized children have seen their resources cut . 