2017-02-04
5 year old will survive after being hit by stray bullet during drive by 
5 year old will survive after being hit by stray bullet during drive by NEWLINE Police are continuing to investigate a drive by shooting in the California neighborhood Friday afternoon that left two injured . NEWLINE Advertisement NEWLINE Among the victims , a girl , 5 , who police say was inside her home when she was hit by a stray bullet . NEWLINE App users click here to see raw video NEWLINE The girl , who was taken to Norton Children 's Hospital was listed in stable condition and expected to survive . NEWLINE However , a second victim , a black man , was rushed to University Hospital in critical condition . NEWLINE Police say the drive by happened near 22nd and Grand Avenue around 2 p.m. Friday . NEWLINE The man who was shot , according to police , was the driver of one of the cars involved . NEWLINE Once he was shot , he lost control of his vehicle and crashed , ending up on the sidewalk in the 2200 block of Grand Avenue . NEWLINE A second car was also wrecked , but police say the driver was not involved . NEWLINE Vickie , who asked not to use her last name , tells WLKY her brother was one block from home when his maroon colored Chevy was caught in the crossfire of more than a dozen shots . NEWLINE " They were just shooting at each other and my brother , going home , was in the middle of it and totaled his car , " she said . NEWLINE Once she heard he had been involved , she rushed to the scene , " I seen the baby laying in the middle of the street and then I turned around and there 's some dude in the yard , do n't know if he 's dead or alive . " NEWLINE Neighbor Terisha Lawrence also witnessed the scene and was furious her neighbor 's daughter had been shot . NEWLINE " It 's a kid , a child , " she said , adding , " Just think about other people before you act , that 's all I ask . Think about these kids . " NEWLINE LMPD is continuing their investigation and is being assisted by ATF officers . So far , no suspect information has been released . Anyone with information is asked to call the anonymous police tip line . 