2017-04-08
4 dead , 1 injured after woman opens fire on family members , police say 
HOUSTON - Four people were killed and one injured Friday after a woman opened fire on her family members at three separate locations then turned the gun on herself , police said . NEWLINE By sheer body count , it is the most violent crime in the Houston area this year . NEWLINE Police believe Dekitta Holmes shot and killed her 48-year - old sister , Carolyn Holmes , at her house in the 4800 block of Richmond Knolls in Fort Bend County . Police said they called the Fort Bend County sheriff 's deputies on a welfare check at the home in Fresno . NEWLINE " Deputies made entry through a back door , and we had to force it open and we discovered an adult female , black female , deceased inside the residence , " Fort Bend County Sheriff Troy Nehls said . NEWLINE Then investigators said Dekitta Holmes drove 15 miles to her home on La Salette Street and Mount Pleasant Street in southeast Houston and at some point shot an unidentified man who was inside . NEWLINE According to police , Dekitta Holmes then walked to a residence in the 3800 block of Mount Pleasant Street and shot her mother , 64-year - old Laverne Holmes , and her mother 's boyfriend , 65-year - old Robert Lee Wesley . NEWLINE Wesley was found dead at the scene . NEWLINE " He 's a good man . He minds his own business . He used to work at the store , " said one neighbor . NEWLINE Laverne Holmes was taken to the hospital where she was in critical condition . NEWLINE The shooting spree ended when Dekitta Holmes turned the gun on herself , police said . But not before a final phone call to her niece , whose mother she accused of killing . NEWLINE " She told her that she harmed four people . And that she wanted her children to stay together , please get them and make sure they stay together , " Dekitta Holmes ' friend Delia Ledet said . NEWLINE Authorities are still investigating a motive in the shooting , but several people said Dekitta Holmes had been troubled and on medication . NEWLINE " I 've never known her to be an aggressive person . She 's not a violent person . You know , so for this to happen , literally , is like jaw - dropping for us , " Dekitta Holmes ' friend Delia Ledet said . NEWLINE Dekitta Holmes , 29 , is a mother of three , who is educated in criminal justice , with no criminal history . NEWLINE Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up - to - date with the latest news while you 're on the go . NEWLINE Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news , sports , entertainment , contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 by KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved . 