2017-04-07
‘ He killed my whole family’ : Father and daughters shot dead in St. Paul 
Gunfire on Friday morning claimed the lives of a St. Paul father and the two teenage daughters he doted on . NEWLINE The shooting at a Payne - Phalen apartment also left the girls’ mother clinging to life . NEWLINE Immediately after the shooting , authorities began a frantic search for one of the victims’ daughter — an 18-month - old girl . Police found the toddler safe and arrested the man who was hiding with her in a shed not far from the apartment . NEWLINE Police found another suspect in the case , Jeffrey Jamaile Taylor , 20 , the father of the toddler , dead of a gunshot wound . He was discovered as officers canvassed a wooded area southeast of the original shooting scene . Police are investigating the circumstances of his death . NEWLINE The man who was found in the shed , 19-year - old Jeffery Arkis Taylor , was booked into the Ramsey County Jail on suspicion of kidnapping , and aiding and abetting murder and attempted murder . NEWLINE Jeffrey J. Taylor and 19-year - old Maria Alana McIntosh , who was killed in the shooting , were the parents of the 18-month - old girl . Jeffrey J. Taylor and Jeffery A. Taylor were half - brothers . NEWLINE The other homicide victims were Maria ’s father , 47-year - old Wade Gordon McIntosh , and her 17-year - old sister , Olivia Felis McIntosh . NEWLINE My Uncle Wade … my cousins … they were all good , beautiful people , inside and out , ” said relative Louis Hernandez . “ We are very blessed that the baby is OK. ” NEWLINE REPORT OF SHOTS FIRED LEADS TO FOUR FATALITIES NEWLINE Just before 1 a.m. Friday , police were called to a report of shots fired at an apartment building in the 1600 block of English Street . NEWLINE Diane Hagler , who lives on the third floor of the three - level apartment building , said she was awakened by two gunshots and soon heard a woman screaming outside . NEWLINE She looked through her sliding glass door and saw a cousin of Anita McIntosh — the woman who remains critically injured — in front of the building screaming , “ He killed my whole family ! He killed my whole family ! ” NEWLINE The cousin lives in a second - floor unit next door to where Anita McIntosh and her daughters have lived for several years , Hagler said . Anita McIntosh is a caretaker for the building and “ has a heart of gold , ” Hagler said . NEWLINE On Friday night , two uniformed St. Paul police officers stood outside both units . A bouquet of flowers , left by a friend of the McIntosh family , leaned against the door of the unit where three of the victims were shot . NEWLINE Paramedics pronounced Wade McIntosh and his daughters dead at the building , which is at the corner of Larpenteur Avenue and a few blocks from Lake Phalen . Anita McIntosh , who is Wade ’s ex - wife , was taken to Regions Hospital . NEWLINE “ We are all praying for my auntie right now , ” Hernandez said Friday , adding that his family is feeling a lot of anger about what happened . Related Articles Federal judge dismisses lawsuit filed by AK-47-toting man in St. Cloud NEWLINE Sadness , confusion in wake of St. Paul family ’s shootings NEWLINE Police hunt anti - government suspect in Wisconsin gun store burglary NEWLINE Payne - Phalen shooting victims’ family establishes relief fund NEWLINE 93 mph at 7:30 a.m. : St. Paul man accused of driving on drugs with teen in car NEWLINE ‘ IT ’S VERY SCARY’ NEWLINE After police heard about the missing toddler , they set up a perimeter and began the process to initiate an Amber Alert , but a team of officers and a police dog located the girl about two hours later , police said . NEWLINE Got the baby , ” an officer could be heard saying in a dispatch recorded by Police Clips . “ We got the baby ! ” NEWLINE Police said in the recording that paramedics were needed for the child to treat hypothermia . She was taken to a hospital and was uninjured , police said . NEWLINE The shed where they found the toddler and the other suspect is in the back yard of a residence that Terry Yang rents . Yang said she woke up early Friday to find police behind the home . A police dog was barking and officers could be seen using flashlights to scan the area . NEWLINE Officers were ordering a man to come out from the shed , she said . He did and they took him into custody . Yang said she never saw the little girl . NEWLINE Yang thought the man could be a drunk driving suspect who ran from police , but later she found out he was arrested after the fatal shootings . NEWLINE It ’s very scary , ” said Yang , who was in her home with her five children . NEWLINE COMMUNITY MOURNS NEWLINE Wade McIntosh was remembered Friday as “ a stand - up guy … a jack - of - all trades , ” said Greg Verdeja . NEWLINE Verdeja met McIntosh , who grew up on St. Paul ’s West Side , when they were sixth - graders at Cherokee Heights Elementary School . They went to Humboldt High School together , before McIntosh headed to Henry Sibley High School in Mendota Heights . NEWLINE Maria and Olivia were McIntosh ’s only children , Verdeja said . The teens were “ kind , beautiful young girls and they didn’t deserve this , obviously , ” he said . NEWLINE McIntosh ’s Facebook page had numerous photos of him with his daughters . NEWLINE In a February post accompanying a photo of the two , he wrote : “ My Daughter ’s Olivia and Maria . Olivia is my mini me . Little fire cracker , yet beautiful very creative out going … Has smile and laugh … that could light the world up ! Maria , so full of Grace and gentle beauty … a great Mother and Friend to her daughter Cheyenne . ” NEWLINE Maria McIntosh graduated from AGAPE High School in St. Paul in 2016 , according to a spokesman for the St. Paul school district . The school offers programming for teens who are pregnant or parenting . NEWLINE She transferred to the high school in the 2014 - 15 school year after previously attending school in Roseville , according to a spokesman for that district . NEWLINE Olivia McIntosh attended the Inver Grove Heights school district until seventh grade and spent one semester in Roseville . She was a student at Face to Face Academy at the time of her death . NEWLINE The entire Face to Face Academy community is devastated and our hearts are heavy , ” said Darius Husain , the school ’s executive director , in a statement . Every once and awhile , you run into a student who leaves a lasting impression on everyone they meet . Olivia was one of those rare individuals . Her spirit was strong , her enthusiasm contagious , and her loss will leave a void not likely to be filled . In days and weeks ahead , our small , close knit school will attempt to grapple with our grief and celebrate a life full of meaning and purpose . ” NEWLINE The Roseville school district also expressed sympathy to the teens’ families . Related Articles Street sweeping begins Monday , adopt a drain NEWLINE Knight Foundation offers $ 5,000 grants to civic innovators age 19 - 35 NEWLINE Sadness , confusion in wake of St. Paul family ’s shootings NEWLINE Payne - Phalen shooting victims’ family establishes relief fund NEWLINE Thao wins Our Revolution MN - Greater St. Paul endorsement for mayor NEWLINE SUSPECT IS JAILED NEWLINE Jeffery A. Taylor remained jailed on Friday . Police said they will continue to investigate Taylor ’s involvement and plan to present a case to the Ramsey County attorney ’s office Monday to consider charges against him . NEWLINE Minnesota criminal records show each of the half - brothers was convicted of disorderly conduct in recent years , but not a history of more serious convictions . A relative reached in Missouri on Friday declined to comment . NEWLINE Investigators ask anyone with information about what happened to call 651 - 266 - 5650 . NEWLINE Nick Ferraro contributed to this report . 