2017-01-05
19-Year - Old Man Dies , Others Wounded in Dallas Shooting 
It only took a few hours for the city of Dallas to notch its first homicide of the new year . ( Published Wednesday , Jan. 4 , 2017 ) NEWLINE It only took a few hours for the city of Dallas to notch its first homicide of the new year . NEWLINE Christian Dawson , 19 , was shot and killed in the early morning hours of New Year 's Day during a party at the Azure Banquet Hall in the 9200 block of Skillman Street . NEWLINE Dawson , a sophomore at Langston University in Oklahoma , was visiting family for the holidays . NEWLINE His mother , Audrey Dawson , said the last message his father gave him New Year 's Eve was to be careful . NEWLINE " His dad explained to him , you know , just be safe . There 's a lot of things that go on New Year 's Eve . Be careful , " she said . NEWLINE As the 19-year - old engineering student partied with friends , his mother and the rest of the family were having a party of their own . The mood quickly changed shortly after midnight when Audrey Dawson noticed she had a missed call . She called back and Christian 's friend picked up . He was frantic . NEWLINE Video Dallas Police Arrest Man Suspected of Murder After Chase NEWLINE " He said , ' Ms. Dawson , Ms. Dawson , Christian got shot , ' " she recalled . " I just went numb . " NEWLINE Christian 's cousin , Amber German , was also at the party , though she stayed upstairs to watch her child . She said she could feel something was wrong . NEWLINE " The atmosphere shifted really quickly , " German said , recalling the screams that went up inside the home as the news spread . " It 's like a screech that you wo n't forget , ever . " NEWLINE The family rushed to the hospital , arriving shortly after the ambulance that carrying Christian arrived . He died soon after . NEWLINE " It 's unbearable , you know . Your child is not here . You 're just waiting to find out who caused this , " Audrey Dawson said . NEWLINE The family said police told them a fight between two groups at the party ended in gunfire . Christian was at the wrong place at the wrong time . NEWLINE A few days after the murder , German had a surprising message for her cousin 's killer . NEWLINE " I do n't hate them , " she said . " It may not mean much coming from me , but I forgive them . " NEWLINE The willingness to forgive comes from the family 's deep religious faith . That same faith is what gives them confidence that Christian 's killer will be caught . NEWLINE " You took someone that was special . You took away someone who had a dream . You took away someone who had a mother , father and a brother , " Audrey Dawson said , speaking directly to her son 's killer . " I know they will be caught . " NEWLINE Other patrons were also injured and sought treatment for injuries that were not life - threatening . NEWLINE Anyone with information about this incident was asked to call Dallas police at 214 - 671 - 3682 or 214 - 671 - 3632 . 