2017-03-14
Shooting arrest , shoe heist and drugs : March 14 , 2017 Trentonian Police Blotter 
The information below was provided by police unless otherwise noted . NEWLINE Trenton NEWLINE Shooting Arrest : Andrew Anderson , 25 , was arrested last week in connection with a shooting that happened a few days prior . Anderson is charged with complicity to attempted murder and related weapons offenses stemming from a March 7 shooting that wounded a 16-year - old male . Police say the teen was shot in the hip , back and torso around 3:10 p.m. in the 200 block of Spring Street . The investigation is ongoing and police say other suspects may be arrested in connection with this case . NEWLINE Lawrence NEWLINE Switching Tags : While most people were buying food and water , bracing for a blizzard Monday night , Maria Hutter - Ondrejack was allegedly switching tags at Macy ’s trying to steal a good deal . Officials say the 55-year - old from Titusville entered the store around 8:30 p.m. and selected five pairs of women ’s pants . She then switched their tags with lower priced clothing in the store and paid for the pants at the register , but the store only collected half of what the merchandise was worth . Officials say the store lost $ 147 from the switches . Hutter - Ondrejack is charged with shoplifting and was released with a summons to appear in court . NEWLINE Shoe Heist : Officials are searching for two women who fled capture after stealing two pairs of shoes . Police say the women walked into Designer Shoe Warehouse around 5:20 p.m. Monday but split up and walked to different areas of the store . They later left the store together and one of them was carrying a mesh shopping bag containing two shoe boxes . Police say the women never stopped at the register to pay for the shoes and exchange the mesh bag for a customer to - go bag . The total cost of the stolen merchandise is $ 180 . Witnesses told police both of the women appear to be in their 20s , and that the one who carried the mesh bag out of the store has purple hair . Anyone with information about the heist is asked to call police at ( 609 ) 896 - 1111 . NEWLINE Advertisement NEWLINE Robbinsville NEWLINE Drugs and Driving : Daniel Lee , 33 , and Jonathan Angelo , 22 , both from Philadelphia , were arrested after police allegedly found them in possession of hypodermic needles and an open container of alcohol during a traffic stop on I-195 . Officials say police initially stopped the car for having a broken taillight . NEWLINE Speeding Pot Bust : Timothy Howard , 26 , of Trenton , was arrested after police found him in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia during a traffic stop on Route 130 . Police say Howard was initially stopped for speeding . NEWLINE Drugs and Driving Too : Michael Thompson Jr. , 25 , of Hamilton , was arrested after police allegedly found him in possession of pot and drug paraphernalia during a traffic stop on Route 130 . Thompson ’s driver ’s license had been suspended , officials say , and the car wasn’t registered or insured . NEWLINE Speed with Weed : Carter Williams Jr. , 20 , of Lawrence , was arrested after police allegedly found him in possession of marijuana and drug paraphernalia during a traffic stop on Church Street . Police they initially stopped Williams for speeding . NEWLINE Bristol , Pa. NEWLINE Failed Liquor Heist : A man tried to walk out of a liquor store on South Oxford Valley Road without paying for 17 bottles of booze valued at $ 850 . Store personnel prevented the heist but the suspect got away . NEWLINE Vandalism : Someone slashed two tires on a 2011 Honda that was parked in the 1000 block of Green Lane . The damage is estimated at $ 400 . 