2017-03-27
2 victims in Cincinnati nightclub shooting from Trotwood 
CINCINNATI ( AP/WDTN ) — 2 NEWS has confirmed that two victims in the Cincinnati nightclub shooting Sunday morning are from Trotwood . NEWLINE Friends of Jarrod Givens and Lyrik Hardaway said both men were among the 16 injured in the mass shooting at Cameo nightclub . NEWLINE The Cincinnati police chief says it doesn’t appear there is any video footage of a deadly nightclub shooting that killed one man and injured 16 people . NEWLINE READ MORE : Shooting at Cincinnati nightclub kills 1 , 15 hurt , suspect sought NEWLINE Chief Elliot Isaac also said in a Monday morning briefing that the Cameo nightclub had metal detectors but it wasn’t something the club was required to have . NEWLINE The chief says five people are still hospitalized , two in critical condition and three in serious condition . NEWLINE One victim , 27-year - old O’Bryan Spikes , was killed in the Sunday morning shooting at the nightclub . NEWLINE Keith Forman of the Cincinnati law department said liquor license renewals come up in April . Forman said he ’s not aware of plans yet to look at Cameo ’s license . NEWLINE Photos Cincinnati Nightclub shooting View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Police operate at a crime scene outside the Cameo Nightclub after a reported fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . Police operate at a crime scene outside the Cameo Nightclub after a reported fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . Police operate at a crime scene outside the Cameo Nightclub after a reported fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . Members of the ATF and local police work at a crime scene at the Cameo club after a fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . A body is removed as police operate at a crime scene outside the Cameo club after a fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . A body is removed as police work at the Cameo club after a fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . A coroner 's unit pulls away as police operate at a crime scene outside the Cameo club after a fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . A body is removed as police operate at a crime scene outside the Cameo club after a fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . ( AP Photo/John Minchillo ) Police work at a crime scene at the Cameo club after a reported fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . ( AP Photo/John Minchillo ) Police work at a crime scene outside the Cameo club after a reported fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . Police operate at a crime scene outside the Cameo club , in background , after a fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . Police operate at a crime scene at the Cameo club , in background , after a fatal shooting , Sunday , March 26 , 2017 , in Cincinnati . ( AP Photo/John Minchillo ) NEWLINE Keep checking WDTN.com for the latest news , weather and sports . To get alerts for breaking news , grab the FREE WDTN News App for iPhone or Android . You can also sign up for email alerts here . NEWLINE Don’t miss another post on Facebook or Twitter for all the latest breaking news 