2017-03-14
McFerrin Community Center set to reopen Wednesday after shooting 
There are two videos inside this story . Click here to see both from the News 2 app . NEWLINE NASHVILLE , Tenn. ( WKRN ) – The McFerrin Community Center will reopen on a limited schedule Wednesday afternoon after two teens were shot in the parking lot . NEWLINE “ Our staff has had extensive training in emergency situations , which includes active shooter and gang intervention , ” Metro Parks and Recreation Spokeswoman Jackie Jones said via email . “ Family and children services will be on hand [ Wednesday ] to provide counseling to help children , patrons , and staff process yesterday ’s incident . ” NEWLINE On Tuesday , crews spent time making repairs to broken windows and damaged doors following the Monday afternoon shooting in the center ’s parking lot . NEWLINE Metro police told News 2 a group of five men got out of a white Honda Accord or Nissan Altima and began firing at a group of teenagers who were gathered near the community center around 4:30 p.m. Monday . NEWLINE A 17-year - old boy was shot in the leg and a 16-year - old boy was shot in the foot . NEWLINE Metro police found the 17-year - old during a traffic stop in a white Dodge Charger seen fleeing the area . NEWLINE A police officer tied a tourniquet to the teen ’s leg . Also in the car , police found a 14-year - old boy armed with a stolen .45 handgun . NEWLINE No one inside the community center was injured during the shooting . NEWLINE PHOTOS : Teens hurt in McFerrin Park shooting NEWLINE “ I heard about maybe 10 rounds , ‘ Boom ! Boom ! Boom ! Boom ! Boom!,’ so I came to my door and looked out I didn’t see anything , ” neighbor Alexander Gray said . “ Later on I found out they were at the center shooting . Gray said in recent years the area that used to have a higher instance of violent crime had changed for the better . There were fewer shootings and more people enjoying the park , playground and community activities at the McFerrin Community Center . NEWLINE “ It is normally not like this , ” he said . “ People jog and walk their dogs . He continued , “ When it gets bad and they get to shooting , we really need to do something . Kit Grissom runs a group home in the area and uses the gym at the community center . NEWLINE “ I go over there and work out , ” he said . “ The guys in the home go over there just about every day to work out . ” NEWLINE He added , “ One of them was in the gym yesterday when it happened . He had to hit the floor . ” NEWLINE Metro police told News 2 the shooting does not appear to be gang related , but it is clear the two groups of people have some sort of bad blood . NEWLINE “ We know someone in the area knows what happened and we need them to call us anonymously , ” MNPD Spokeswoman Kristin Mumford said . “ It is very fortunate that no one was killed . You have guys unloading out of a car and firing . ” NEWLINE Anyone with information on the shooting at the McFerrin Community Center should call police at 615 - 862 - 8600 or Crime Stoppers at 615 - 74-CRIME. 