2017-01-08
2 men fatally shot at Pasadena vigil identified 
PASADENA > > Authorities have identified two Pasadena men who were shot to death while gathered at a vigil for another recent homicide victim in a suspected gang - related attack that also left two other people wounded late Friday . NEWLINE Antoine Dewayne Sutphen Jr. and Ormani Dajan Duncan , both 24 and from Pasadena , died following the late - night shooting near Fair Oaks Avenue and Claremont Street , Los Angeles County Department of Medical Examiner - Coroner Investigator Rudy Molano said . NEWLINE They were gathered at a vigil for another Pasadena man gunned down on the same spot Dec. 22 when gunfire erupted from a passing car , Pasadena police Lt . Mark Goodman said . NEWLINE A woman was also critically wounded in the shooting , and a man suffered non - life - threatening injuries . NEWLINE Hours later , gunfire again rang out on near the same corner about 5 p.m. Saturday , where a 25-year - old Pasadena man suffered a gunshot wound to his thigh , Goodman said . NEWLINE A lack of cooperative witnesses in all of the shootings left investigators with no solid suspect description , police said . NEWLINE The spate of shootings was believed to stem from gang violence . NEWLINE “ The recent uptick of shootings in our community appears to be gang related , however , police detectives and officers are attempting to confirm this theory . The shootings do not appear to be random , ” Police Chief Phillip Sanchez said . NEWLINE “ In response to the shootings , the Pasadena Police Department deployed extra officers who were assigned to patrol the impacted areas , ” the chief said . “ PPD detectives are working closely with other law enforcement agencies to identify the suspect(s ) and Mutual Aid Area C was notified and placed on standby . ” “ Mutual Aid C ” refers to a coalition of first responders from 12 area cities that are organized to work together in the event of major incidents . NEWLINE Anyone with information is urged to contact Pasadena police at 626 - 744 - 4241 . Tips may also be submitted anonymously to L.A. Regional Crime Stoppers at 800 - 222 - 8477 . 