2017-03-19
Bend man accidentally shot by lifelong friend , deputies say 
BEND , Ore. - A 22-year - old Bend man was accidentally shot in the chest Saturday night by his 21-year - old lifelong friend , who was unloading a handgun at a home east of the city , Deschutes County sheriff ’s deputies said . NEWLINE Trevor Rogers was flown by Life Flight helicopter to St. Charles Bend , where he was listed in fair condition late Saturday night , according to a house supervisor . NEWLINE Sgt . Mike Sundberg said no criminal charges were filed against the man who fired the gun , Julian Messner , but the incident will be forwarded to the district attorney ’s office for review . NEWLINE Deputies were called to Messner 's home , in the area of Skywagon Drive near Cougar Trail , on the report of an accidental shooting . NEWLINE The shooting occurred when Messner tried to unload a 9 mm semi - automatic handgun , Sundberg said . NEWLINE Messner released the handgun ’s magazine and thought he cycled the action on the gun to remove the bullet from the chamber , according to the sergeant . But the bullet did not clear the gun ’s chamber , and Messner ’s finger depressed the trigger , causing it to fire and hit Rogers in the upper torso . NEWLINE Messner immediately called 911 and rendered aid , Sundberg said . Bend Fire medics treated Rogers on scene and he later was able to provide a statement that supported it being an accidental shooting . NEWLINE " He 's very lucky , " Sundberg said , adding that neither man was impaired by alcohol or drugs . NEWLINE The sergeant said the sheriff 's office would like to remind everyone to follow the 12 Golden Rules for safe gun handling : NEWLINE 1 . Always treat the gun as if it 's loaded NEWLINE 2 . Always keep the gun pointed in a safe direction NEWLINE 3 . Always keep your finger straight and off the trigger until you are ready to shoot NEWLINE 4 . Always keep the gun unloaded until you are ready to use it NEWLINE 5 . Never point the gun at anything that you do n't intend to destroy NEWLINE 6 . Be sure of your target and what is beyond it NEWLINE 7 . Learn the mechanical and handling characteristics of the gun you are using NEWLINE 8 . Always use proper ammunition NEWLINE 9 . Be sure the barrel is clear of obstructions before loading and shooting NEWLINE 10 . If your gun fails to fire when the trigger is pulled , hold your shooting position for several seconds , then with the muzzle pointed in a safe direction , carefully unload the gun NEWLINE 11 . Do n't rely on the gun 's safety to keep it from firing NEWLINE 12 . Be aware of your surroundings when handling guns so you do n't trip or lose your balance and accidentally point and/or fire the gun at anyone or anything 