2017-02-23
West End man arrested in fatal McKees Rocks shooting 
A Sheraden man charged with fatally shooting a teenager Tuesday evening in McKees Rocks contacted the victim ’s mother a day later and apologized for what he had done , according to police . NEWLINE William “ Willie ” Hoston , 19 , told the mother of Jihad Cromer , 18 , that she could have everything he owned , but he knew it could not change what had happened . NEWLINE Allegheny County Police arrested Mr. Hoston on Thursday and charged him with homicide and carrying a firearm without a license in the death of Jihad , a former Sto - Rox High School basketball player . NEWLINE Police said Mr. Hoston and another man were in Jihad ’s house on Robb Avenue playing video games and smoking marijuana about the time of the shooting , around 6:30 p.m. , according to a police affidavit . NEWLINE Mr. Hoston told police he was disassembling a handgun when , with a flash , it accidentally fired . Jihad collapsed from a gunshot wound to his head . NEWLINE Mr. Hoston told police he ran from the residence and went to his grandparents’ home . NEWLINE Jihad was taken to Allegheny General Hospital , where was pronounced dead at 9:50 p.m. The Allegheny County Medical Examiner ’s office ruled his death a homicide . NEWLINE Investigators said they pegged Mr. Hoston as a suspect after talking with Jihad ’s mother , whose full name was not disclosed in a police affidavit . NEWLINE She told police multiple people had approached her and told her “ Willie ” had shot Jihad and was going to turn himself in . She also said Mr. Hoston called her about 10:30 p.m. Wednesday and apologized to her . NEWLINE Mr. Hoston later told investigators that during their conversation , Jihad ’s mother forgave him . NEWLINE Mr. Hoston called police Wednesday and told them he was at his mother ’s apartment in Duquesne . Officers went to the Harry S. Truman high - rise at 25 N. Second St. , where they took Mr. Hoston into custody . NEWLINE Court records show Mr. Hoston faces upcoming trials in two cases — one for burglary , the other robbery — stemming from incidents in August and December . Police said Mr. Hoston also was wanted on drug charges in McKees Rocks . NEWLINE Mr. Hoston was being held in the Allegheny County Jail . A preliminary hearing was scheduled for March 10 . NEWLINE Andrew Goldstein : agoldstein@post - gazette.com or 412 - 263 - 1352 . 