2017-01-23
Family members identify 17-year - old killed in Government Hill shooting 
Family members have identified the 17-year - old boy fatally shot in Government Hill early Saturday morning as Jesus “ JJ ” Oropeza . NEWLINE Jesus " JJ " Oropeza . Photo courtesy Felicia Smith NEWLINE Felicia Smith , Oropeza ’s aunt , said the boy left his Government Hill home on foot at around midnight Friday after telling his father he planned to walk to the Tesoro Gas Station . The father , concerned about what his son was doing outside at that hour , decided to follow him . By the time he had put on his coat and shoes , Oropeza had already made his way down the street , Smith said . NEWLINE According to Government Hill resident Stephanie Manning , a security camera on the outside of her home captured the entire incident . She says the footage shows Oropeza meeting with two individuals at a street corner shortly after midnight . NEWLINE It showed very clearly the two perpetrators come around our side street and then the victim walking from another direction , ” Manning said . They were young teenage boys . ” NEWLINE After a brief conversation , one of the two individuals produces a handgun and points it at Oropeza , who then gets down on his knees before lying face down in the snow . The two suspects are then seen searching through Oropeza ’s pockets . Shortly before fleeing the scene , the suspect with the gun shoots Oropeza in the back . NEWLINE None of the neighbors or I heard anything , ” Manning said . “ I think the snow muffled any sound . I was downstairs getting ready for bed and then the dog barked two times so I came upstairs and saw somebody laying in the road . ” NEWLINE Family members said Oropeza ’s father , still trying to catch up with his son , saw what had happened from down the street and immediately ran towards the two suspects . NEWLINE When he turned the corner , the boy was on the floor , so he ran , ” Smith said . “ And as he was running the guy started firing guns , ” Smith said . NEWLINE As the suspects fled in a vehicle , Oropeza ’s father ran to his son ’s side . Shortly thereafter , Government Hill resident James Maloney , who was driving back home from a friend ’s house , came across the scene and immediately jumped out of his car to render aid . NEWLINE “ I saw a man kneeling next to a kid and he was on the phone and crying . I got out of the car and approached and asked him if he needed help , ” Maloney told Channel 2 . “ He said his son had been shot . ” NEWLINE Maloney helped the father tell dispatchers their location and began administering CPR to the victim while they waited for paramedics to arrive . NEWLINE “ When I walked up he appeared to be dead already but I did all I could to save his life . I really wish I could have done more , ” Maloney said . NEWLINE Anchorage Police responded to reports of a man lying in the road just a few minutes after midnight . Oropeza was rushed to a local hospital where he was later pronounced deceased . Meanwhile a heavy police presence was seen in the area , as officers with rifles and a K9 unit searched the area for the suspects . NEWLINE Cattherine Rhetta , another one of Oropeza ’s aunts , said marijuana was found at the crime scene and thinks it may have had something to do with her nephew ’s killing . NEWLINE It was for marijuana . It was a setup , ” Rhetta told Channel 2 . They knew what they were doing , they knew what they were coming for . He just had the mistake of coming down the street last night and getting shot and killed . He didn’t know any better . ” 