2017-03-13
Search ongoing for gunmen who shot teens at East Nashville commu - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis , Tennessee 
Metro police are searching for answers after a group of gunmen opened fire near the McFerrin Community Center on Monday afternoon . NEWLINE Witnesses told police that two vehicles , one described as a white , four - door Nissan Altima or Honda and the other with no description , pulled up in front of the community center around 4:20 p.m. NEWLINE Police said four to five young men wearing bandanas or masks to cover their faces exited the vehicles . They fired multiple shots at a group of four young men who were standing in front of the center in an apparent targeted shooting . Two teens , ages 16 and 17 , were struck . NEWLINE The 17-year - old was shot in the lower right leg and left the scene in a white Dodge Charger driven by a friend . A police officer stopped that vehicle after police said it ran a four - way stop at Meridian and Grace Streets . The driver told the officer her friend had been shot . Two officers performed first aid on the teen until an ambulance arrived . NEWLINE Police said a third passenger in the Charger , a 14-year - old , had a loaded , stolen handgun in his waistband . He has been charged with unlawful weapon possession in juvenile court . NEWLINE The 16-year - old , who was struck in the right foot , ran inside the center . NEWLINE Police said a handgun with blood on it was recovered outside the center . NEWLINE Both victims were treated and released to their parents . NEWLINE Police said the victims told officers that they heard shots and ran away . They did not offer any additional details . NEWLINE Around 20 children were at the center at the time of the shooting . The others were evacuated to safe places and are OK. NEWLINE The community center was closed Tuesday in light of the shooting . NEWLINE Anyone with information about this shooting is asked to call Crime Stoppers at 615 - 742 - 7463 . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 WSMV ( Meredith Corporation ) . All rights reserved . 