2017-02-24
Teen shot by officer responding to robbery in Osceola , Arkansas 
Please enable Javascript to watch this video NEWLINE Please enable Javascript to watch this video NEWLINE OSCEOLA , Ark. -- The family of a teenager shot by police is telling us their side of the story . NEWLINE They say 16-year - old Zyrion Matlock was shot in the lower back Friday morning by an Osceola Police officer . NEWLINE The Arkansas State Police department is investigating the case . They said Osceola officers were responding to a call about a robbery at the Shell station off I- 55 in Osceola Arkansas . NEWLINE Paris Matlock , Zyrion ’s older sister claims he didn’t rob anyone at the Shell Station . NEWLINE The family says When officers showed up at 1:40 Friday morning he ran because a weapon was pointed at him . NEWLINE “ Cause it ’s a gun , you see it on the news all the time a white officer with a black young guy and a gun and them don’t usually end well , ” exclaimed Paris Matlock . NEWLINE Osceola Police said they showed up to the gas station after receiving a robbery call . They took one teen into custody . When they tried to take Matlock into custody , they say he tried to run to a vehicle that wasn’t his and when they attempted to remove him , something went wrong and an officer shot Matlock . NEWLINE For sister , Paris , the only thing her younger brother is guilty of is staying out past his curfew . NEWLINE Matlock ’s father , Nathan Matlock , said Zyrion was at the gas station to get a drink . He knows his son wasn’t supposed to be out , in fact even his intuition told him something was off . NEWLINE “ I called him on my lunch break and asked where he ’s at he said he was at home . I told him stay there . He asked why . I told him I just got a bad feeling about tonight . Don’t go out . He went out . You see what happens , ” he said . NEWLINE Nathan said his son was not armed . NEWLINE “ He doesn’t even own a gun , ” he explained . NEWLINE Zyrion ’s cousin , Courtney Talley , described him as an outgoing guy that everyone knows . NEWLINE “ He ’s one of those people , he’ll make ya laugh . He ’s one of those people who will keep you laughing like to joke around and play a lot , ” said Talley . NEWLINE The family does acknowledge the Osceola High junior , who plays running back for the football team , has had a few problems in the past but nothing this serious . NEWLINE His father hopes his son learned a lesson . NEWLINE “ I think he’ll be a more obedient person , ” he said . NEWLINE While his sister wants the officer who fired the shot to be held accountable . NEWLINE ”Why did this happen ? Why did you do this ? We’re not supposed to be scared of the police . You’re supposed to serve and protect and we’re scared of you , ” she questioned . NEWLINE WREG reached out to the Osceola Police Department multiple times but have not heard back . 