2017-04-06
The Frontier : Surveillance Footage Of Shooting At Wanenmacher ’s - NewsOn6.com - Tulsa , OK - News , Weather , Video and Sports - KOTV.com | 
Tulsa County Sheriff ’s Office spokesman Justin Green said that although an investigative report was taken following Saturday ’s accidental shooting at the Wanenmacher ’s Tulsa Arms Show , no criminal charges would be pursued against the shooter . NEWLINE Green said the man who was shot , former TCSO Sgt . Rick Treadwell , had told investigators he did not want charges to be filed . Treadwell identified the shooter as Brian Pounds , a Tulsa County Assessor ’s Office employee . Pounds , a former candidate for Tulsa County commissioner , served as a reserve deputy under former Sheriff Stanley Glanz . NEWLINE Related Story : Security guard accidentally shot over the weekend at Wanenmacher ’s Tulsa Arms Show NEWLINE Treadwell , Pounds and Skiatook Police Chief Pat Dean were working security at the Wanenmacher ’s Tulsa Arms show over the weekend , Treadwell said . The show bills itself as the world ’s largest gun show , but stresses that loaded firearms are not allowed inside the Expo Square arena where the show is held . NEWLINE The Frontier acquired surveillance footage of the shooting on Thursday which shows Pounds remove the handgun from a bag , and handle it for a few seconds before pointing it in the direction of Dean and Treadwell before pulling the trigger . NEWLINE A flash is visible from the handgun ’s muzzle , and Treadwell , seated at a nearby table , immediately leaps from his seat and grabs his hand . Treadwell told The Frontier earlier this week that the bullet struck him in the middle finger , where it remains lodged . He said the bullet ricocheted off the wall before striking him . NEWLINE Pounds then places the handgun on the table and reaches for his walkie - talkie before other personnel arrive . NEWLINE Treadwell said he was taken by ambulance to a nearby hospital for the wound . NEWLINE Pounds could not be reached for comment on Thursday , and Joe Wanenmacher , who runs the gun show , did not respond to a request for comment . 