2017-03-09
Eastern Colorado sheriff releases video of deputy shooting 16-year - old armed robbery suspect 
Authorities in Kit Carson County have released a video recording of a sheriff ’s deputy shooting a 16-year - old Nebraska boy who was wielding a BB - gun minutes after investigators say he robbed a gas station . NEWLINE Sgt . Travis Belden has been cleared by prosecutors of any wrongdoing in the encounter , which happened March 1 in the town of Seibert , just off Interstate 70 and about 45 miles from the Kansas state line . NEWLINE CAUTION : This video may be disturbing to some viewers . NEWLINE The boy , who was listed as a missing person and had absconded from probation for a drinking - related offense , survived being shot twice — in his chest and through his arm — according to investigators . NEWLINE Prosecutors say the BB - gun he was holding looked very similar to a 9mm handgun . The video shows the teen pointing the weapon toward Belden when he was shot . NEWLINE The shooting happened in the parking lot of the Seibert Travel Plaza , about 140 miles east of Denver . NEWLINE “ Instead of surrendering or complying with the officer ’s commands , the suspect gets out of his vehicle and immediately turns on Sgt . Belden , pointing the gun directly at the sergeant , ” 13th Judicial District Attorney Brittny Lewton wrote in a letter about the encounter . “ At that point , Sgt . Belden had no choice but to fire upon the suspect , or else risk getting fired upon and ( being ) badly injured or killed . ” NEWLINE Lewton also said Belden had to fire at the boy in order to prevent him from fleeing and possibly harming more people . The boy ’s name has not been released . NEWLINE “ He was justified , ” Lewton wrote . NEWLINE Kit Carson County Sheriff Tom Ridnour said he released the video , from a surveillance camera , “ in an effort ( to ) show the split second decisions law enforcement face all over the nation . ” NEWLINE “ It is my hope that once you see the video you will be able to understand that Sgt . Belden acted appropriately given the situation he was placed in , ” Ridnour wrote in a news release Thursday . NEWLINE Belden , who was unhurt , has also been cleared by an internal sheriff ’s office review . NEWLINE The shooting happened after authorities say a clerk at the Conoco gas station in the town of Stratton called authorities to report she had been robbed at gunpoint by a young boy armed with a gun . Prosecutors say the teen had put a bandanna over his face and pulled up his hoodie at the time of the heist . NEWLINE The teen fled in a vehicle that was later found by Belden at the travel center . NEWLINE The robbery happened just after 11 a.m. on March 1 , and the shooting about 20 minutes later . NEWLINE Prosecutors are pursuing undisclosed charges against the teen . 