2017-04-11

11-year - old boy wounded , stepfather fatally shot while walking home from store 

Keshawn Slaughter had his share of trouble with the law , but his family says the 26-year - old was turning things around , getting a job and supporting his family . 
Around 5:25 p.m. Monday , Slaughter and his 11-year - old stepson were walking home from the store in the 11600 block of South Bishop Street when a white car pulled up and someone inside opened fire , according to police . 
Slaughter was shot in the head and his stepson was hit in the shoulder . Both were taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn , where Slaughter was pronounced dead about three hours later . 
His stepson was listed in serious condition , police said . 
The boy is at least the seventh child 11 or younger who has been shot in Chicago so far this year , according to data compiled by the Tribune . 
Relatives told WGN - TV that Slaughter had been trying to better his life . 
" He had a job he was going to every day , supporting his kids and everything , " Melvina Brumfield said . " Now this . Now , you know , you turn over a new leaf and years later something happens like this . It 's unfair , it 's very unfair . " 
Another person was fatally shot Monday night and nine other people were wounded in attacks in Chicago . 
About 9:20 p.m. , a 19-year - old man was shot in the back while he was in the 100 block of East 112th Street near Palmer Park in the city 's Roseland neighborhood on the city 's Far South Side . The man , identified by the medical examiner 's office as Emmauel Reid , was pronounced dead on the scene at 9:25 p.m. , but further details were not known , police said . 
His body could be seen near an alley sandwiched by two brick garages . The neighborhood remained quiet as officers huddled in small groups . Motorists slowed to get a view of the crime scene as they drove past Indiana Avenue . 
In nonfatal shootings : 
At 2:35 a.m. , a 30-year - old man was wounded after he was caught in the crossfire of a shooting outside of the Wentworth Gardens apartments on the city 's South Side . He was standing on a porch on Princeton Avenue near 37th Street when two men began shooting at each other and shot him in the knee , police said . His condition was stabilized at Mercy Hospital . 
A 27-year - old man was shot in the ankle about 12:15 a.m. while he was standing at a bus stop in the 5800 block of South State Street . He was treated at St. Bernard Hospital and released . 
About 5:40 p.m. a 19-year - old was shot in the chest in the 6500 block of South Wolcott Avenue , police said . He was taken to Stroger Hospital in critical condition , according to police . 
Two men were wounded about 3:55 p.m. in the 400 block of East 71st Street in the city 's Park Manor neighborhood , police said . A 28-year - old man was shot multiple times in the buttocks , ankle and foot and was taken in fair condition to Stroger Hospital , police said . Another man , 18 , was shot multiple times in the ankle and was taken in fair condition to St. Bernard Hospital . Police said the men shot were " uncooperative '' in the investigation . 
Another shooting occurred about 1:10 p.m. in the 5000 block of West Gladys Avenue in the city 's Austin neighborhood . The victim , a 36-year - old man , drove himself to West Suburban Medical Center in Oak Park seeking treatment for multiple gunshot wounds , police said . He was in serious condition . 
Another man , 23 , was shot about 20 minutes earlier in the West Pullman neighborhood . Three male assailants fled after shooting the man in the right arm and right ankle about 12:50 p.m. in the 11600 block of South Wallace Avenue . He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in good condition , police said . 
Another attack about noon wounded two men , 19 and 20 , who were shot in the 4300 block of West 15th Street in Lawndale , police said . The shooter exited a vehicle and fired shots , hitting the 19-year - old in the head , critically wounding him . He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in critical condition , police said . The 20-year - old was shot in the arm and was in good condition at Stroger Hospital , police said . 
Check back for details . 
WGN - TV contributed . 