2017-03-29

Wagoner County Triple Shooting : Three Dead After Alleged Home Invasion Attempt 

Updated : Mar 28 , 2017 - 7:50 PM 
WAGONER COUNTY , Okla. - Quick facts : 
Three teens are dead after they reportedly broke into a home in Wagoner County Monday . 
Officials say a homeowner 's young adult son shot and killed the suspects with an AR-15 . 
A fourth suspect , identified as Elizabeth Rodriguez , went to jail on three first degree murder complaints 
Download the FOX23 News app for alerts sent straight to your phone . 
Three teens are dead after an alleged home invasion attempt reportedly ended in a shooting Monday . 
It happened near 91st and 241st East Avenue in the Wagoner County part of Broken Arrow . 
According to officials with the Wagoner County Sheriff 's Office , three masked people broke into the house through the back door with the intent of burglarizing the home . 
Officials say the homeowner 's young adult son killed all three with an AR-15 . 
Though they initially believed the son was 19 , they now say he was 23-year - old Zach Peters . 
The homeowner was also home , but officials say he was not involved . 
Trending Now on FOX23.com 
Deputies say two of the suspects were 17 and the other was 18 . They say one had a knife and another had brass knuckles . 
Wagoner County officials later identified the teens as Max Cook , Jake Woodruff and Jacob Redfearn . 
Officials say a fourth suspect will likely face charges related to the incident . 
The 21-year - old female , who deputies say was the getaway driver , went into police custody . 
She was later identified as Elizabeth Marie Rodriguez and arrested on three complaints of first - degree murder and three complaints of first - degree burglary . 
Officials from the Wagoner County District Attorney 's Office said they do not anticipate filing official charges until later in the week . 
In Oklahoma , those believed to be committing a felony that results in a death can face murder charges , even if they did not actually kill anyone . 
Rodriguez reportedly knew of the home before the incident . A witness reportedly told investigators that Rodriguez had told the other three suspects to burglarize the home while she waited in the driveway . She reportedly drove away when she heard gunshots . 
Officials have not named the witness or how that individual may have been involved in the incident . 
They also say they do not know of a connection between the suspects and the homeowner at this time . 
Rodriguez is being held without bond . 
The investigation is ongoing , and charges may not be filed for days because of the complexity of the case . 
WATCH : Officials held a news conference Tuesday to address the incident : 
Trending Video 
VIDEO : Accused getaway driver charged with murder after home invasion 
© 2017 Cox Media Group . 