2017-04-01

Drive - By Shooting 

One man died and four others , including one woman , were injured in the early morning shooting , Tampa police said . 
TAMPA – A man has been charged with murder after an early morning ( April 1 ) shooting at a Tampa nightspot , police said . 
Mike Franck , 34 , of Tallahassee , died at the scene . Four others – Heaven Mayo , 24 ; Justin King , 24 ; Donald Jocelin , 25 ; and Tobiasz Cudnik , 32 – were wounded . One was treated at the scene . Three were taken to the hospital with non - life threatening injuries . 
Gary Omar Rivera Montanez , 22 , of Tampa , was charged with one count of first degree murder and four counts of attempted first degree murder . Tampa police officials said Montanez admitted being in an altercation at the Palace Hookah Lounge on south Howard Avenue and to firing into the crowd . Police said Montanez claimed he did so in self defense . 
Montanez was a patron at the Palace Hookah Lounge , where he aggressively flirted with several female patrons , officers said . When the lounge closed , several patrons congregated in a parking lot on the north side of the building , where Montanez focused his aggressive flirting on a particular woman named Heaven Mayo . Police said she asked a man named Schneider Simplice for help . Montanez said he’d done nothing wrong . Simplice , a former bouncer at the Palace , joined the on - duty bouncer , Khaled Ghoneim , in asking Montanez to leave . 
As Montanez left , officers said he was heard to say “ Don’t try me like this . I’ve got a gun . ” A witness told police Montanez said he would remember their faces and would be back . 
At approximately 4:35 a.m. , police said that Montanez , who was in his car , turned north onto Howard Avenue from W Platt Street and opened fire through his driver ’s side window . He fired several shots into the crowd gathered around the lounge and in the parking lot . 
One projectile struck Mr. Franck in the chest . He died at the scene . Police said there are no indications that Mr. Franck was involved in the earlier altercation . At least four other victims were also hit . 
Montanez traveled north on Howard Avenue . Police sent out a notice asking other officers to be on the lookout for the vehicle and for Montanez . About 4:42 a.m. , a Tampa police officer pulled over a car matching the description of the car Montanez was driving at N Armenia Avenue and Dr. Martin Luther King Boulevard . The driver matched the description and a handgun and shell casings were in plain sight in the car . Police said witnesses later identified him as the shooter . 
For information about the Tampa police , go to tampagov.net . 
Tampa Police | Drive - By Shooting | Murder | Palace Hookah Lounge | Mike Franck | Crime | Arrests | TB Reporter 
# TampaPolice # DriveByShooting # Murder # PalaceHookahLounge # MikeFranck # Crime # Arrests # TBReporter 
Summary Article Name One Charged with Murder in Tampa Drive - By Shooting Description One man died and four others , including one woman , were injured in the early morning shooting , Tampa police said . Author TB Reporter Publisher Name TB Reporter Publisher Logo 