2017-01-17

Friends react after Columbus teen killed in possible revenge sho - WTVM.com - Columbus , GA News Weather & Sports 

Columbus police say they believe Monday night ’s fatal shooting at Bull Creek Apartments that claimed the life of 17-year - old Destiny Nelson was an act of revenge . 
Police say they believe this shooting was in retaliation for the killing of 22-year - old Dominique Horton on 32nd Avenue on Thursday , Jan. 5 . 
They do not believe Destiny was involved in the original shooting , but think it was a case of mistaken identity , and that Destiny was not the intended target . 
We went to the apartments and spoke with friends of Destiny , who were with her minutes before she was shot . 
" It was tragic a life got taken last night for no reason and it should n't have happened to her out of all people , ” said friend Ana Marie . 
Ana Marie was with her Monday night at the home where she was shot , and she says she left her minutes after it happened 
" Only if I would 've talked to her longer or told her to come inside the house or stay with her just a few seconds more something could 've change , " Ana Marie said 
One neighbor , who did n't want to be identified , just pulled in from work and heard rounds firing off . 
" I thought they were hunting in the woods… I’m looking around trying to find out where the gunshots are coming from , " the neighbor said . 
Destiny was an 11th grader at Early College Academy of Columbus and was dually enrolled at Columbus State University . Her friends say she was genuinely a good person . 
" She is a sweet girl , I wish this on no family and nobody deserves this , I wish this on no family , ” Ana Marie said . 
" The girl had a bright future ahead of her , she was well respected from day one , ” the neighbor said . 
Neighbors say the Bull Creek Apartments is usually a safe place to be and they ca n't believe this happened . 
" It was sad man , it ’s real sad , ” said the neighbor . 
Copyright WTVM 2017 . All rights reserved . 