2017-02-13

LMPD releases body cam footage of deadly officer - involved shooti - wave3.com - Louisville News , Weather & Sports 

LMPD released body cam footage of the deadly shooting on Oleanda Ave . on Saturday . ( Source : LMPD ) 
LOUISVILLE , KY ( WAVE ) - Louisville Metro Police have released new details about an officer - involved shooting that happened in South Louisville on Saturday . 
William A Young Jr. , 32 , was shot and killed by officers inside a vacant home on Oleanda Avenue just after 11:30 p.m. Police shot Young after he struck an officer in the chest with an object that resembled a meat skewer , Chief Steve Conrad said . 
LMPD officer Russell Braun was injured in the incident ; he received a gunshot would to the hand and an impact injury to the chest . On Monday , Conrad said Officer Braun appeared to have shot himself in the hand as he was falling backwards . He was treated at University of Louisville Hospital and has since been released . 
VIDEO 
+ Body cam video : Officer Russell Braun 
+ Body cam video : Officer Paige Young 
+ LMPD Chief Conrad 's press conference 
+ Family of man killed by police call shooting ' unjustified ' 
Officers Braun and Paige Young shot William Young during the confrontation , Conrad said . Officer Randall Richardson also possibly shot Young . 
Describing the incident , Conrad said William Young was crouched behind a wall in an ambush - like position on the second floor as officers made their way upstairs . Conrad added that officers announced themselves numerous times as they made their way through the house . 
RELATED ARTICLES 
+ Family : Man killed by LMPD had substance abuse , mental health issues 
+ Neighbor describes moments before police shot , killed man 
+ Man shot , killed by police identified 
The investigation remains ongoing to ensure the use of deadly force was justified , Conrad said . If the Public Integrity Unit determines charges should be filed against any of the officers , the case will be turned over to a grand jury . 
The case will also be reviewed by the Citizens Commission on Police Accountability . 
Officers Russell Braun , Paige Young and Randall Richardson have been placed on administrative leave while the investigation continues . 
MORE ON THE OFFICERS 
Officer Russell Braun , 31 , was hired by LMPD on June 30 , 2008 . He does not have any discipline on his record . Braun received commendations for the following : 
May , 2009 - Break - in at Iroquois High School 
Jan. , 2011 - Break - in on Third Street and cleared several burglaries in the 4th Division 
June , 2011 - Break - in in progress with homeowner inside 
Nov. , 2011 - Located and saved elderly , mentally - challenged man 
Dec. , 2012 - Pursued and located auto break - in suspect 
Mar. , 2015 - Resuscitated two men who had overdosed 
Aug. , 2015 - Located missing child and apprehended abduction suspect 
Officer Paige Young , 28 , began working with LMPD on February 9 , 2015 . She has no commendations or discipline on her record . 
Officer Randall Richardson , 34 , was also hired on February 9 , 2015 . He has no discipline on his record . Richardson received commendations for the following : 
Apr. , 2015 - Unearthed remains in the Lake Louisville area 
July , 2015 - Carried flame in Special Olympics Unified Torch Relay 
Nov. , 2015 - Located a suicidal person 
Dec. , 2015 - Volunteered at Family Day for Metro Academy 32 
Oct. , 2016 - Located shooting suspect and convinced him to surrender 
Copyright 2017 WAVE 3 News . All rights reserved . 