2017-04-03

Police identify 3-week - old baby killed in North Las Vegas shooti - FOX5 Vegas - KVVU 

Police crime tape at the scene of a fatal incident in North Las Vegas on April 1 , 2017 . ( Austin Turner/FOX5 ) 
The North Las Vegas Police Department identified the baby killed in a shooting Saturday . 
Twenty - five - day - old Marcus Cleveland Thomas Jr. died from multiple gunshot wounds . 
Another person was injured in the shooting that turned into a vehicle accident in North Las Vegas Saturday evening . 
The NLVPD said officers were called at about 9:15 p.m. to the 2600 block of East Deer Springs Way to respond to a shooting . 
Police said their preliminary investigation indicated five people were in a gray Chrysler sedan in a parking lot of an apartment complex when it was shot at . 
The occupants were a 19-year - old female driver , a 22-year - old man and three children ranging in ages from a four - year - old boy to a three - week - old boy according to police . 
Detectives said the occupants decided to take themselves to a local hospital , after sustaining injuries in the shooting , but were then involved in a crash at Craig Road and North 5th Street . 
Gideon Villena said he works at the gas station at that intersection and saw the crash . 
" She kept yelling , ' My baby my baby , my baby dead , ' " Villena said . " She just kept getting mad and crying and mad and crying . " 
NLVPD reported the baby and the male passenger were both shot in the original incident . The boy died from his injuries , while the man was in stable condition at the University Medical Center . 
Other occupants of the car were not injured according to police . 
Police said detectives were working to get more information on the suspected shooter and said the incident did n't appear to be a random act of violence . 
Friends and family held a vigil for the infant Sunday night . They lit candles and placed stuffed animals . 
" That 's sad you know . This was just like a newborn , " Villena said . 
Anyone with more information is urged to contact the North Las Vegas Police Department at 702 - 633 - 9111 . 
Stay with FOX5 for continued updates on this story . 
Copyright 2017 KVVU ( KVVU Broadcasting Corporation ) . All rights reserved . 