2017-01-07

Police identify man killed in double fatal shooting outside Beech Grove bar 

INDIANAPOLIS ( WISH ) — Two people are dead after a shooting in Beech Grove . 
It happened outside of The Grove bar on South Emerson Avenue and Alton Street around 1:15 a.m. Saturday morning . 
According to Beech Grove Mayor Dennis Buckley , the two were shot and killed when they walked up to two armed security guards that were sitting in a vehicle outside of the bar and pulled a gun on them . 
“ The two deceased walked up to the car , pulled a gun on the two security guards and said give me everything you have and they said we don’t have anything except the cell phone . He said give me your cell phone , ” said Buckley . 
The security guards were a mom and son . According to Buckley , the son was the one who shot the two . Both were pronounced dead on scene . 
Police have identified the 29-year - old man killed as Seth Easley . The identity of the 14-year - old boy also killed has not yet been released . 
According to Buckley , the 14-year - old was the one who allegedly pulled the gun on the security guards . He said the gun was loaded and reported stolen from Greenwood . He said Easley did not have a gun on him . 
Nobody else was injured , but police say situations like this put the whole community at risk . 
“ We don’t want anybody to die during a robbery , I mean that is not the sentence for robbery , death , but if you do a robbery things like this can happen to the person doing the robbing , to the other person , to somebody just in the neighborhood , ” said Captain Robert Mercuri of the Beech Grove Police Department . 
Doug Pettigrew , the owner of the bar , said that the security guards had noticed the 14-year - old and Easley acting suspiciously before they approached the vehicle . 
“ As far as I’m concerned my security did their job , ” said Pettigrew . “ Nothing happened in here which is what we’re after . ” 
Both security guards were interviewed by detectives and released . Detectives will meet with prosecutors in the coming days . The mayor says charges in this case are unlikely . 
Share this : Facebook 
Twitter 
Google 
Email 
Print 
More 
Pinterest 
Like this : Like Loading ... 