2017-03-13

Burien teen accidentally shot and killed by childhood friend 

Donovan Spann , 18 , was killed when a gun being handled by a 17-year - old he’d known since first grade discharged at close range . The suspect was booked into the King County Youth Services Center . 
A Burien high - school senior was remembered Monday as a bright light to his classmates and family after his accidental shooting death Friday by a good friend . 
Donovan Spann , 18 , was killed when a gun being handled by a 17-year - old he’d known since first grade discharged at close range . The suspect was booked into the King County Youth Services Center for investigation of first - degree manslaughter . 
“ Donovan was a delight . Just by walking into a room , he could light it up , ” said Vicki Fisher , principal of Highline High School . She said Spann was finishing his last five credits at a district alternative high school , New Starts , and was on track to graduate in June . 
Memorial Service A remembrance will be held in the gym of Highline High School for Donovan Spann at 1 p.m. Saturday , March 18 . Donations are being accepted for the service at BECU Account # 3605718870 . 
Crisis counselors were made available at three district high schools Monday — Highline , Evergreen and New Start . 
King County sheriff ’s deputies responded to reports of a shooting a little after 5 p.m. Friday in the 10200 block of 23rd Court Southwest in the White Center area . 
A few days earlier , the resident of the home asked the 17-year - old suspect to house­sit . The homeowner said he had been burglarized recently and gave the suspect a gun , according to the sheriff ’s office . 
The suspect invited Spann over and said they were playing Russian roulette when the suspect fired in the direction of Spann , hitting him in the stomach , according to the sheriff ’s office . The suspect quickly called 911 , but medics were unable to revive him . 
Spann ’s family said the suspect is a longtime family friend , a youth who has been in and out of foster care and whom Spann ’s mother took into their home for a time in 2014 and treated as part of the family . 
Spann ’s older sister , Neenah West , said the family doubts the suspect ’s account that the young men were playing Russian roulette . 
“ I know my brother . I helped raise my brother . He would not be playing Russian roulette , ” she said . 
She also said the suspect would never purposefully hurt her brother . 
“ We feel no anger toward him . We love him ; we pray for him . He ’s having a hard time , ” she said . 
She said the family did not know whose home the young men were at , or why the homeowner would have left a gun . 
West said her brother had “ the brightest smile and the biggest heart . Everyone will tell you he had a lot of light and power in his smile . ” She said he loved basketball and played for both Highline and Evergreen high schools . 
He recently had landed a new job at Penney ’s in the men ’s apparel and shoe department and was planning to move into his first apartment this weekend . 
“ He was just establishing his independent life , ” she said . 
She said Spann was devoted to his seven nieces and nephews . 
“ He was the cool uncle , the fun uncle . He was their hero , ” she said . 