2017-02-08

Police : Toddler accidentally shot 11-year - old with officer 's gun - KSLA News 12 Shreveport , Louisiana News Weather & Sports 

Michael Gipson , of Shreveport , claims city police officers threatened to arrest him if he did not leave the hospital where his son was being treated . ( Source : Scott Pace/KSLA News 12 ) 
Shreveport police say Cpl . Latoyia Marsden has been placed on paid administrative leave after her service weapon was accidentally fired in her home , wounding her 11-year - old son . ( Source : Facebook ) 
Michael Gipson Jr. , 11 , is recovering from a gunshot wound to his legs . ( Source : Michael Gipson Sr . ) 
Shreveport police investigators believe a toddler got hold of an off - duty officer 's gun and accidentally shot an 11-year - old in his legs . 
Now the wounded child 's father claims police threatened to arrest him if he did n't leave the hospital where his son was taken . 
Michael Gipson says it 's just the latest confrontation with Shreveport police because his son 's mother is an officer with the department . 
KSLA News 12 now has learned that police Cpl . Latoyia Marsden has been placed on paid administrative leave . 
The shooting happened at Marsden 's home , police Cpl . Marcus Hines confirmed . 
It was n't until the morning of Feb. 8 that Gipson actually get to speak with his son over the phone . 
" I asked , ' Where did you get shot at ? ' He said , ' At my Mom( 's ) house . ' " 
Gipson said he rushed to see his son the night of Feb. 7 at University Health . 
When Gipson arrived at the Shreveport hospital , he said he was told his son was in the seventh - floor burn unit . 
Gipson asked a security guard why his son was up there ? 
" He said , ' I do n't know . It 's like they put him away from everybody else , got him isolated from everybody else and the only people that 's going up and down is Shreveport police ' . " 
Gipson said he waited until an officer came down the elevator . " And I asked him about going up to see my son . He just stood there and looked at me for a long time . " 
A short time later , another officer came down . Gipson asked again to see his son . 
" They said , ' Sorry , sir , but we ca n't escort you up . ' I said , ' Why ? ' They said , ' Well , you do n't have custody of the son . ' " 
Gipson said he explained that he has joint custody but was told his Mom said " no " and claims the officers threatened to arrest him if he did n't leave . 
It 's the latest in six years of trouble with the boy 's Mom , Gipson said . 
" Every time she get upset , this happens . Only when she gets upset or she feels a certain type of way , she always throws a charge on me . " 
KSLA News 12 tried to reach Marsden for comment but , as of this writing , had been unable to do so . 
KSLA News 12 has learned that the wounded child was listed in serious condition . 
As for the ongoing dispute with his ex , Gipson said he 's already spent thousands of dollars over the years fending off criminal charges accusing him of abusing his son . 
Gipson said he 's now hired an attorney who is preparing to file a civil rights case against Shreveport police once the final abuse charge against him is dropped . 
Copyright 2017 KSLA. All rights reserved . 