2017-01-11

Bethlehem woman charged in connection with accidental shooting 

April Maddona/69News 
BETHLEHEM , Pa. - A Bethlehem woman is facing a host of weapons charges in connection with an accidental shooting that occurred Monday afternoon near Yosko Park in the city . 
Melanie F. Santos , of the 800 block of Atlantic Street , is facing weapons charges after police found a handful of guns in her vehicle while investigating the shooting . As a convicted felon , the 24-year - old is prohibited from possessing any firearms . 
She ’s currently in Northampton County Prison on a parole violation awaiting her preliminary arraignment Thursday afternoon . 
Bethlehem police were called to St. Luke ’s University Hospital in Fountain Hill shortly after 3 p.m. Monday to investigate a report of a gunshot victim . The victim told authorities that he was shot in the leg in the area of Atlantic and East Fifth streets by a man he knows only as “ T , ” according to court records . 
The man told police he was shot accidentally by a revolver - style handgun and driven to the hospital by his girlfriend ’s relative . 
When police responded to the area of the reported shooting to locate a crime scene , officers spotted a woman later identified as Santos standing at a car parked in the 800 block of Laufer Street , according to records . Santos ran from the scene and was eventually caught after a foot chase through backyards in the neighborhood , according to records . 
A resident in the 800 block of East Fifth Street reported finding a revolver in his backyard , one of the yards through which police chased Santos . Authorities discovered a fully loaded Ruger .357 stainless steel revolver along with a baseball cap Santos dropped during the chase , police said . 
Inside Santos ’s car police found a Marlin 30 - 30 rifle with a scope , a Marlin .308 rifle with a scope , a Ruger Single Six .22 caliber revolver , a Remington 7mm hunting handgun , ammunition and several rifle scopes . Investigators said the Ruger discovered inside the car matched the gun description provided by the gunshot victim . 
Police also found paperwork in the car from the Northampton County adult probation department belonging to Santos . A records check revealed she was convicted of a felony count of criminal trespass and a misdemeanor count of false imprisonment . 
Police also learned that the silver Hyundai belonged to Santos ’s sister and that Santos put her own license plate on the vehicle and routinely had been driving it . 
Santos faces five counts each of prohibited possession of a firearm and carrying a firearm without a license , all felonies . 
Court records make no mention of the man who allegedly fired the shot . 