2017-02-09

76-year - old newlywed shoots wife after argument over sleeping arrangements 

LEHIGH ACRES , Fla. -- Deputies say a 76-year - old new groom told them he shot his new bride in the buttocks , and the bride told Four in Your Corner the situation is a " nightmare . " 
According to a Lee County Sheriff 's Office report , Donald Royce admitted to deputies he shot his wife following an argument over the couple ’s sleeping arrangements . He says they’ve been married since August but have yet to consummate their marriage . 
" Holy cow , that 's ridiculous . A grown adult having a temper tantrum about sex , " Royce 's neighbor , April Bailey , said . 
The couple ’s roommate says she heard two gun shots , and when she went to see what happened , Royce pointed the gun at her . 
She says she convinced him to let her call to get his wife medical help . 
Royce told arriving deputies “ I shot her and the gun is in my room . ” He later told deputies that he never intended to shoot his wife . He just wanted to scare her by shooting the mattress , and became upset when he realized the gunfire struck her . 
His 62-year - old wife was trauma alerted to Lee Memorial Hospital with gunshot wounds to the buttocks and hip . 
Royce has been charged with Aggravated Battery . 
Four in Your Corner spoke with Royce 's wife Tuesday night . She was recovering at home from the two gunshot wounds , and described the situation as a nightmare . 
She said she and Royce were together for six years before they decided to get married , and she never thought he was capable of doing something like this . 
The main message Royce 's wife wants people to take away from her story is that violence toward a woman is never okay . A woman should have a right to her own body , regardless of age or marriage status , " Bailey said . 
STAY IN TOUCH WITH US ANYTIME , ANYWHERE 
Download our free app for Apple and Android 
Sign up for Breaking News email alerts . 
Follow us on Twitter 
Follow @Fox4Now 
Like us on Facebook 