2017-03-10

Police : Middletown sees uptick in crime in past week 

A rash of crime has plagued Middletown over the past week , Police Chief Rodney Muterspaw said Thursday . 
Advertisement 
The crimes happened fairly close to each other , Muterspaw said , and several of them involved minors . 
The uptick in crime started Friday , as a young man entered Subway on Weity Parkway , pointed a gun at store employees and jumped over the counter . Two of the employees ran from the store , but they were pursued by the gunman , police said . No arrests have been have in the case . 
Another crime occurred late Sunday night , Muterspaw said , when a man entered Bar Boca on Charles Street and fired at least six rounds . No one was struck . 
Officials have identified the shooter as Doryn Palmer Truss , 22 . He is still at large , and anyone with information on his whereabouts is asked to contact detectives at 513 - 425 - 7733 . 
On Monday , a home invasion resulted in numerous arrests . 
Police said two men broke into a home in the 3200 block of Wilbraham Road , and made two 14-year - old boys lay on the ground , striking them in the head with a gun . 
Muterspaw said the intruders stole two guns and ran from the house . 
The following day , police said they attempted to stop a vehicle with two people involved in Monday ’s robbery inside . 
The car did not stop for police , and a chase ensued . That chase ended in a crash at a Wendy ’s restaurant on Verity Parkway . Both of the men inside were arrested . 
Jakaleb Silas , 18 , was arrested and charged with aggravated burglary . Officials said he was one of the men involved in the gun theft . 
Sidique Bailey , 19 , was also arrested . Police said Bailey was the driver of the car that fled from officers , and also the driver during the gun theft . He was charged with aggravated burglary , contributing to the delinquency of a minor , fleeing and eluding and reckless operation . 
A 17-year - old was also arrested in connection to the gun theft . The unnamed teen was also found in possession of a stolen handgun from the home invasion , police said . He faces charges of aggravated burglary , felonious assault and receiving stolen property . 
Further investigation revealed that a 13-year - old boy convinced Silas and the 17-year - old to steal the guns , investigators said . The 13-year - old knew there were guns inside of the Wlbraham Road home , and persuaded two others to steal them , Muterspaw said . The 13-year - old faces a charge of aggravated burglary . 
In addition , police said Jack Mikesell , 19 , helped the 13-year - old plan the burglary . Mikesell also faces a charge of aggravated burglary . 
Some of the individuals involved with the Wilbraham Road robbery wanted the weapons to rob a drug dealer , Muterspaw said . 