2017-03-03

4 people shot outside bar in East Mt. Airy 

4 people shot outside bar in East Mount Airy after argument turned physical . One victim was a bartender trying to calm everyone down . — Katherine Scott ( @KScott6abc ) March 3 , 2017 
This car crashed 6 blocks from quadruple shooting in East Mt Airy . 26 yr old man in critical condition in backseat . pic.twitter.com/djAaiWZ5Pt — Katherine Scott ( @KScott6abc ) March 3 , 2017 
Police say a gunman fired six to seven shots early Friday morning , leaving four people injured in Philadelphia 's East Mount Airy neighborhood . It happened at 2:15 a.m. Friday outside 7165 , a bar and restaurant on the 7100 block of Germantown Avenue . Police say a fight began brewing inside the establishment , where 20 people had gathered for an open mic night . After the bar closed , the fight continued outside . It ended when , police say , a man in his late 20s or early 30s pulled a handgun out of a maroon - colored vehicle , opened fire then fled."And that 's when their was an argument . The argument turned into a physical altercation and that 's when someone pulled a gun and fired , " said Chief Inspector Scott Small . Action News spoke with a witness who says it was chaos."And when we look out we see people scattering in the streets , running , hiding behind cars and the doorways of the buildings , " said Moses , who lives next door . " I heard another man scream , ' I have all bullet holes in me , bro . I have all holes in me . ' " Three customers and a bartender were hit by the gunfire . Police arrived on the scene , where they found people scattering and cars speeding away . Officers followed one of the cars , which ended up crashing into a pole at Germantown Avenue and West Upsal Street . Police found a 26-year - old man in the back seat with multiple gunshot wounds and rushed him to Einstein Medical Center in critical condition . Two other victims were able to get themselves to area hospitals . A 26-year - old man suffered a gunshot wound to the hand . He 's also at Einstein . The other victim , a 25-year - old man , was hospitalized at Chestnut Hill Hospital with a wound to his torso and leg . He has been transferred to Temple University Hospital . The fourth victim is a 26-year - old bartender , who said she went outside with other bar employees to try and calm things down , but ended up with a gunshot wound to the knee . Medics took her to Einstein . She and the two men , who got themselves to hospitals , are all said to be in stable condition . Neighbors tell us this typically does n't happen here."I've never heard any problems out of there as long as I 've been around here , " said Mike Carter."Oh my goodness . I just do n't want this to become the norm , " said Layla Muhammad . Local business owners like Greg Locke of Vendors Boutique say this is still a safe part of town."There 's too many innocent people being shot , too many , and it needs to stop , it really needs to stop . And that 's the aggravating part , because this is a beautiful neighborhood , " said Locke . The owner of the bar says he feels terrible this happened , and as a result , it 'll be closed until further notice . Police are working to determine if the three male victims were involved in the original fight or if they were struck by stray bullets . The suspect is described as a black male , late 20s to early 30s , brown complexion , with dreadlocks . He possibly retrieved the gun from a red- or maroon - colored car . There are surveillance cameras inside and outside the bar and several witnesses to help in providing information . Anyone with information is asked to call Philadelphia Police Northwest Detectives at------ 