2017-03-29
Wagoner County Triple Shooting : Three Dead After Alleged Home Invasion Attempt 
Updated : Mar 28 , 2017 - 7:50 PM NEWLINE WAGONER COUNTY , Okla. - Quick facts : NEWLINE Three teens are dead after they reportedly broke into a home in Wagoner County Monday . NEWLINE Officials say a homeowner 's young adult son shot and killed the suspects with an AR-15 . NEWLINE A fourth suspect , identified as Elizabeth Rodriguez , went to jail on three first degree murder complaints NEWLINE Download the FOX23 News app for alerts sent straight to your phone . NEWLINE Three teens are dead after an alleged home invasion attempt reportedly ended in a shooting Monday . NEWLINE It happened near 91st and 241st East Avenue in the Wagoner County part of Broken Arrow . NEWLINE According to officials with the Wagoner County Sheriff 's Office , three masked people broke into the house through the back door with the intent of burglarizing the home . NEWLINE Officials say the homeowner 's young adult son killed all three with an AR-15 . NEWLINE Though they initially believed the son was 19 , they now say he was 23-year - old Zach Peters . NEWLINE The homeowner was also home , but officials say he was not involved . NEWLINE Trending Now on FOX23.com NEWLINE Deputies say two of the suspects were 17 and the other was 18 . They say one had a knife and another had brass knuckles . NEWLINE Wagoner County officials later identified the teens as Max Cook , Jake Woodruff and Jacob Redfearn . NEWLINE Officials say a fourth suspect will likely face charges related to the incident . NEWLINE The 21-year - old female , who deputies say was the getaway driver , went into police custody . NEWLINE She was later identified as Elizabeth Marie Rodriguez and arrested on three complaints of first - degree murder and three complaints of first - degree burglary . NEWLINE Officials from the Wagoner County District Attorney 's Office said they do not anticipate filing official charges until later in the week . NEWLINE In Oklahoma , those believed to be committing a felony that results in a death can face murder charges , even if they did not actually kill anyone . NEWLINE Rodriguez reportedly knew of the home before the incident . A witness reportedly told investigators that Rodriguez had told the other three suspects to burglarize the home while she waited in the driveway . She reportedly drove away when she heard gunshots . NEWLINE Officials have not named the witness or how that individual may have been involved in the incident . NEWLINE They also say they do not know of a connection between the suspects and the homeowner at this time . NEWLINE Rodriguez is being held without bond . NEWLINE The investigation is ongoing , and charges may not be filed for days because of the complexity of the case . NEWLINE WATCH : Officials held a news conference Tuesday to address the incident : NEWLINE Trending Video NEWLINE VIDEO : Accused getaway driver charged with murder after home invasion NEWLINE © 2017 Cox Media Group . 