2017-01-09
Blotter : Man shoots himself with stolen gun 
A 21-year - old man was arrested Sunday afternoon after he accidentally shot himself in the leg with a gun he was allegedly attempting to steal , according to a police report . NEWLINE When police arrived in the 2000 block of Caddo Circle , they found the man lying on the ground with blood - stained pants . According to the report , officers found a revolver near a white truck with its door slightly open . NEWLINE The report said the gun and truck belonged to a 70-year - old man who lived nearby . After he was taken to the hospital , the suspect told officers he was walking down the street looking through the windows of vehicles . NEWLINE The man opened the unlocked door of the white truck and found the gun in a tan holster between the seats , the report said . The man picked up the gun , fumbled with it and dropped it against the side of the vehicle , he told police . The gun fired and a bullet hit him in the leg . NEWLINE The man told police he staggered to a neighboring yard to lie down and called 911 because he wasn’t sure if he had been shot . He was later arrested on a charge of burglary of a vehicle and theft of a firearm , the report said . NEWLINE Other reports NEWLINE 300 block of Eagle Drive — A 43-year - old man was arrested early Sunday morning after he told officers he knew he was criminally trespassing , a police report said . NEWLINE Police were called to a local Quik Trip at approximately 3 a.m. , when employees noticed a familiar man who had been asked to leave during a previous incident . NEWLINE According to a police report , two employees told officers the man said he would sexually assault one of them . NEWLINE 400 block of Bryan Street — A local business reported its tip jar stolen Sunday evening . NEWLINE Employees at Killer Tacos told police a man had taken their tip jar at about 8 p.m. No other details were provided in the report , but the business did report a previous burglary during the Christmas weekend . NEWLINE 3000 block of Country Club Road — A 22-year - old woman called police after she said a man stole multiple electronics from her house Sunday afternoon . NEWLINE The woman told officers a man knocked on her door at about 2:50 p.m. , crying because of the cold weather . She said she let him inside so he could call someone for a ride . NEWLINE She said she later realized he had stolen more than $ 750 in electronics and her house key , the report said . No arrests have been made , but the investigation is ongoing . NEWLINE Roundup NEWLINE From 7 a.m. Sunday to 7 a.m. Monday : NEWLINE The Denton County Sheriff ’s Office responded to 578 service and officer - initiated calls and booked 15 people into the Denton County Jail . NEWLINE Denton police posted 16 reports online . NEWLINE — Caitlyn Jones 