2017-04-09
Third victim dies from injuries sustained in shooting outside Hi - | WBTV Charlotte 
A third person has died from the shooting in the parking lot outside of J. McCroskey 's Irish Pub and Grill from Friday morning . NEWLINE According to the Hickory Police Department , 21-year - old Quajuae Alexus Kennedy succumbed to her injuries at the Baptist Hospital in Winston - Salem Saturday night . NEWLINE PREVIOUS : Pair charged in Hickory shooting that left two dead , multiple injured NEWLINE Greydon Keith and Dontray Cumberland , both 23 of Hickory , have been charged in the case . NEWLINE Police say they were called around 2:15 a.m. to a shooting at J. McCroskey 's Irish Pub & Grill , located in the 1400 block of 29th Ave Drive NE. NEWLINE Keith and Cumberland got into an argument with five people in the parking lot , located adjacent to the pub , before shooting at them while they were inside a car , police say . They had all been patrons at the pub prior to the shooting . NEWLINE Justin Aiken and Cody Bouphavong , both 21 , were killed . Cole Ervin , 20 , was treated for gunshot wounds at Frye Regional Medical Center . The driver of the vehicle was not injured . NEWLINE Police say there is no connection between the suspects and the victims . NEWLINE J. McCroskey 's Irish Pub and Grill released the following statement Friday : NEWLINE We can not even begin to express how saddened we are by this senseless tragedy . Our heartfelt sympathies go out to the victims ' families during this most difficult time . We were closed at the time of the incident and most of our patrons had already gone home . The incident occurred in the parking lot in an area that is adjacent to the restaurant . We work with a local security agency to patrol our parking lot . Security was still on site ; however they were not in the immediate vicinity at the time of the incident . We are working with the police and special investigators and assisting them with their investigation and will continue to do so . This is all the information that we have at this time . NEWLINE Anyone with additional information is asked to call the Hickory Police Department at 828 - 261 - 2617 . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 WBTV. All rights reserved . 