2017-01-16
UPDATE : Police now say North Liberty shooting was accidental 
North Liberty Police on Tuesday said a shooting in the Golfview Mobile Home Court was accidental . NEWLINE North Liberty police have cordoned off a portion of road at Golfview Mobile Home Court , near 35 Golf View Drive for a shooting investigation on Monday , Jan. 16 , 2017 . ( Jordee Kalk/KCRG - TV9 ) NEWLINE The incident happened around 3:15 p.m. Monday at 35 Golfview Drive . Police originally said someone used a handgun to shoot a 19-year - old man in the stomach , but later clarified wound was to the leg . NEWLINE Officers found the injured man lying in the street and emergency crews took him to a hospital . Authorities on Tuesday said the man 's condition remains stable . NEWLINE Originally , the victim told police he did not know the gunman , and a witness reported a black male , wearing a dark colored sweatshirt , shot the victim before running northeast through the trailer court . Officers searched the area with guns drawn , but did not locate the shooter . NEWLINE Police Tuesday said the investigation showed the original report was false , and the shooting was accidental . They said it is not yet clear whether the victim accidentally shot himself or someone else did . NEWLINE Anyone with information about this crime is urged to contact CrimeStoppers at 358-TIPS ( 8477 ) . Anonymity is guaranteed for all calls . Individuals providing information do not have to reveal their identity to collect a reward . NEWLINE _______________ NEWLINE PREVIOUS STORY NEWLINE North Liberty Police are investigating a shooting at 35 Golf View Drive in the Golfview Mobile Home Court . NEWLINE Officers say around 3:15 Monday afternoon someone shot a 19-year - old man in the leg with a handgun . Law enforcement previously reported the wound had been in the stomach . NEWLINE Police found the injured man lying in the street . He was taken to a hospital . Authorities have n't released his condition . NEWLINE The victim told police he did n't know the gunman . Witnesses described the shooter as a black male , wearing a dark colored sweatshirt . He fled the area on foot , heading northeast through the trailer park . NEWLINE Officers searched the area with guns drawn but were unable to locate the shooter . NEWLINE Anyone with information about this crime is urged to contact CrimeStoppers at 358-TIPS ( 8477 ) . Anonymity is guaranteed for all calls . Individuals providing information do not have to reveal their identity to collect a reward . 