2017-03-05
Teen brothers shot in Southwest Philadelphia identified ; 16-year - old remains critical 
EMBED >More News Videos Watch a video slideshow of Sunday 's crime scene in Southwest Philadelpha . NEWLINE 20 y/o killed , 14 y/o critical after shooting in SW Phila . Shooting happened Sunday 2:30 pm , info 215 - 686-TIPS. @6abc — Annie McCormick ( @6abcAnnie ) March 6 , 2017 NEWLINE Family members have identified two teenage brothers shot in Southwest Philadelphia Sunday afternoon.16-year - old Zybrii Davis remains in critical condition at Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia after he was shot in the face . His brother , 19-year - old Sybrii , Davis , did not survive his wounds . Detectives say the call came in just before 2:30 Sunday afternoon for shots fired in the 8100 block of Lyons Avenue . When medics arrived , they found a white car shot up and badly damaged . Two victims were inside - the Davis brothers , whose ages were earlier reported to be 14 and 20.Investigators say they were fleeing the bullets , lost control of the car and smashed into a pole , splitting it in half . Sybrii Davis was shot twice under his left arm . He was rushed to Penn Presbyterian Medical Center where he was pronounced dead at 2:59 p.m . Zybrii Davis , who had been shot in the face , was rushed in critical condition to Children 's Hospital of Philadelphia."It 's a sin and a shame and a disgrace , " said community activist Shirlene Moore . She says she grew up in the area , and adds this is the direct result of her old home being neglected."These children have absolutely nothing to do in the community . If you look around , there 's no community center for them . These children need vocational training . They need an outlet , " said Moore . We spoke with Ann Strickland Sunday night , who is also calling for change."It bothers me as a great - grandmother to know that the children do n't have any recreation , so what are they going to do ? " said Strickland . " They get into trouble."Neighbors say this is a part of the city that has been severely neglected . They simply want more opportunities for the kids who are growing up here."It 's a forgotten neighborhood . This was a very viable neighborhood . I was raised in this neighborhood , " Moore said."Now what I see around here is the children do n't have anything to do , and this is very sad , " said Strickland . At this point , no word from police on a suspect or what led to the shooting.------ 