2017-02-21
Investigators : Killer was on scene of quadruple murder when poli - WTVM.com - Columbus , GA News Weather & Sports 
Investigators have confirmed that the accused killer of a Toomsuba family was on the scene of the murder Tuesday when police arrived . NEWLINE The suspect , Karon D. McVay , was arrested in Meridian on Wednesday . He has been charged with three counts of murder , one count of capital murder and felon in possession of a firearm . NEWLINE McVay 's bond has been set at over $ 3 million . NEWLINE Four victims , including a 5-year - old boy , were found shot to death inside the home on Tuesday , while a 3-year - old child was found inside alive . 65-year - old Edna Durr , 27-year - old Kiearra Durr , 42-year - old Tomecca L. Pickett and 5-year - old Owen Pickett were found dead inside the home on Butts Road in Toomsuba . NEWLINE The 3-year - old child was found alive and uninjured in the home and was transported to the hospital as a precaution . NEWLINE " Somebody came out here and killed my whole family - my mama , my sisters , and my little nephew , " said Demetrius Durr , one of Edna 's sons . NEWLINE Neighbors noticed there was no activity at the home all day Monday so they called authorities on Tuesday . A sheriff 's deputy went to the home and found a shattered screen door with a bullet hole . NEWLINE Rumors began circulating on social media that the suspected killer was on the scene of the murder when police arrived . Investigators confirmed that information at a news conference on Wednesday . NEWLINE Lauderdale County Chief Deputy Ward Calhoun also confirmed that McVay was in a relationship with Tomecca Pickett . NEWLINE WTOK reports that during the news conference , Calhoun said , " This could accurately be described as a domestic violence situation that had been ongoing and reached a situation inside the residence on Monday evening where the violence occurred to the point of McVay shot and killed all four of the individuals inside the residence . " NEWLINE " It 's so hard to bury a loved on , you know ? " said Cortney Scott , a cousin . " It 's hard because once they 're gone , they 're gone . " NEWLINE Scott describes Edna Durr as a nice woman with a kind heart . NEWLINE " The rest of them - you think of a 5-year - old child ? " added Scott . " How can you even sleep at night ? " NEWLINE The crime scene unit from the Mississippi Bureau of Investigation arrived late Tuesday morning to assist . The bodies have been taken to the State Crime Lab . NEWLINE " I 've never known anything like this to happen in Toomsuba so it was just like , this ca n't be real , " said Sherren Smith , another cousin . NEWLINE The Sheriff 's Department says it 's still early in the investigation , and right now they are n't sure of a motive . NEWLINE " We were leaning more toward someone who knows the family or is known by the family , " said Ward Calhoun , the Chief Deputy for the Lauderdale County Sheriff 's Department . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 MSNewsNow . All rights reserved . 