2017-04-08
Affidavit : Young boy witnessed his father kill mother , shoot sister 
SAN ANTONIO - A young boy told investigators " daddy shot mommy " after witnessing his mother 's murder , according to new details in an arrest affidavit . NEWLINE The boy 's father , James Cardona , 31 , is behind bars in the Bexar County Jail and is charged with killing his common - law - wife , Tamara Martinez , 31 , and shooting their 13-year - old daughter on Mar. 28 in their 21300 block of U.S. Highway 281 South . NEWLINE Bexar County Sheriff 's Office investigators said Cardona killed Martinez in the South Bexar County home they share with their three children . The whole family was home at the time of the murder , the affidavit said . NEWLINE The couple 's young son told investigators Cardona came in through a window and fought with Martinez . The boy said his 13-year - old sister tried to help their mother before " daddy shot mommy . " NEWLINE Cardona then shot the 13-year - old , the boy told investigators . NEWLINE A deputy responding to the home found the teenage girl injured and standing by the highway , the affidavit said . She told the deputy her father had shot her and had also shot and killed her mother . NEWLINE The girl was taken to University Hospital . NEWLINE Cardona called his father about 15 minutes before that , and told him someone had shot Martinez and he should call an ambulance . Cardona told his father he had been at the house and then left , the affidavit said . NEWLINE The Bexar County Medical Examiner 's Office said Martinez died from multiple gunshot wounds . Her mother , Delores Gonzales , said Martinez was buried in Lubbock on Friday morning . NEWLINE Gonzales said she forgives Cardona , as he is the father of some of her grandchildren . It 's for their sake as well that she wants justice . She also wants answers . NEWLINE " I just want to talk to him , " she said , speaking by phone . " I want to visit with him , and I want to know why . I want to know why he took my daughter , why he shot my grandbaby . I want to know why he just did this to the babies . " NEWLINE Gonzales said all three children were in state custody , and the last she had heard , her 13-year - old granddaughter was still in the hospital . NEWLINE Cardona was arrested in Fentress , about 15 miles southeast of San Marcos . He was booked into the Bexar County Jail on Thursday evening . NEWLINE -------------------------------------------------------- NEWLINE Do n't miss a thing . Get email alerts from KSAT 12 today . NEWLINE Get alerted to news events as they happen or sign up for a scheduled news headline email that is delivered right to your inbox . Breaking news , severe weather , daily forecasts , entertainment news , all of the day ’s important events to keep you up to date wherever you are . NEWLINE Sign up today . It 's Free . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 by KSAT - All rights reserved . 