2017-04-07
St. Paul Police Identify 2 Suspects In Quadruple Shooting 
MINNEAPOLIS ( WCCO ) – Two suspects in connection with a shooting that left four people dead and one person injured have been identified by the St. Paul police . NEWLINE According to the St. Paul police , around 1 a.m. officers received a call of shots fired at an apartment on the 1600 block of English Street , just east of Lake Phalen . NEWLINE Upon arrival , police found four people had been shot . Three were found dead and the fourth was taken to Regions Hospital for life - threatening injuries . NEWLINE Waking up to the sound of gun shots , Tony Slaughter is now second - guessing his decision to move into a home on the corner of Larpenteur Avenue and Hagen Drive . NEWLINE “ I moved away from the east side to get away from this , only to find myself back in it , ” Slaughter said . ” I heard some cars racing around five to 1 a.m. , and then I thought I heard gun shots and came outside and the cops were out here . ” NEWLINE During further investigation , officers were informed there was also an 18-month - old child missing from the scene with an adult male . NEWLINE Searching the area with canines , police located the man and the toddler hiding in a shed on the 1400 block of Clarence Street . NEWLINE Police took the man to headquarters for questioning . It was later determined he was one of the suspects involved in the initial shooting . NEWLINE The child was taken to Children ’s Hospital for evaluation . There didn’t appear to be any harm done . NEWLINE Police said the second suspect was found dead later Friday morning . This is the fourth death related to the case . NEWLINE Autopsies will be performed to determine causes of death . NEWLINE Police are still working to determine what lead to the shootings and what role each suspect played . Identities of suspects and victims have not yet been released . NEWLINE However , there are three separate crime scenes so officials do expect the investigation to last into the late morning . NEWLINE They are asking any residents to inform them if any evidence is found in or near their yards . 