2017-02-24
Mother charged with murder in fatal shooting of 17-year - old son in Clinton , Md. 
Angelique Chase is charged with fatally shooting her 17-year - old son . ( Courtesy of Prince George 's County Police Department ) NEWLINE A 48-year - old Prince George ’s County woman was charged with first - degree murder Friday after shooting her 17-year - old son inside their home , police officials said . NEWLINE Angelique Chase of Clinton was being held without bond . Her son , Christopher Perry , had been shot once . NEWLINE Police said an argument between the two led to a “ physical struggle , ” before they were separated by a third family member who was in the house at the time . Chase ordered the family member to the basement shortly before the shooting , court documents show . Few further details were released . NEWLINE Danzel Harris , 24 , a next - door neighbor who had known Chase and Perry for about 10 years , described Perry as a pleasant young man . NEWLINE “ He was a good kid , very respectful , ” Harris said . He was the nicest kid , been like that since he was little . The teenager was a senior at Grace Brethren Christian School , less than two blocks from the red brick home where he lived along Buckler Road . A nice kid , and he was loved , ” said George Hornickel , director of the school . NEWLINE Just before 9 p.m. Thursday , the Prince George ’s 911 center received a call from Chase , saying her son had just been shot , according to police arrest records . Arriving officers found her son on the living room floor . He was taken by medevac to a hospital and pronounced dead at 11:01 p.m. NEWLINE Detectives said they spoke with the relative who had been in the home , whom they did not name , and to Chase . NEWLINE The relative said he had separated Chase and her son on the first floor , at which point she told the relative to go to the basement . NEWLINE While in the basement , the family member stated that the defendant [ Chase ] went downstairs to the basement into a room and went back upstairs , ” detectives wrote in court papers . Moments later , he heard what he described as a ‘ loud bang.’ ” NEWLINE Detectives said they also spoke with Chase , and she “ admitted to shooting ” her son , detectives wrote . NEWLINE On Friday , family members and others repeatedly used “ good kid ” to describe Perry . NEWLINE Young people carrying flowers Friday enter the Clinton where Angelique Chase lived with her son Christopher Perry , 17 . ( Dan Morse/The Washington Post ) NEWLINE Christopher Perry Jr. , the victim ’s father , said his son grew up in Prince George ’s County . He was about to graduate in May with plans to go to college and was a “ video game guy , ” the elder Perry said . NEWLINE He was a good kid , ” the father said . He went to a good private school and everything . He was well - mannered and polite . The elder Perry said he did not know what could have led to the dispute . NEWLINE A letter sent home to parents of students at Grace Brethren said Perry ’s death was the result of a “ domestic dispute , ” and said counselors would be available to meet with students . NEWLINE Lajuan Chase , Angelique Chase ’s sister , said Perry was “ a good kid . ” He lived with his mother , she said , and “ didn’t give her any trouble . ” NEWLINE “ Nobody in the family understands or knows what went wrong , ” she said . We’re trying to understand that ourselves . . . . I’m just at a loss for words . Harris , the neighbor , said it was his impression that Angelique Chase kept a very close watch over her son , including driving him the two blocks to his school , which can be seen from their home ’s front yard . NEWLINE Hornickel , the school director , said that Christopher Perry had been at the school since middle school . Hornickel said that he was a quiet student who helped serve lunches to middle school students , and that he was active in senior class activities . NEWLINE Dana Hedgpeth and Jennifer Jenkins contributed to this report . 