2017-01-19
Teen killed in Salinas officer - involved shooting 
Salinas police fatally shot a knife - wielding boy on the 600 block of Terrace Street and officers ' body cameras recorded the teen 's clash with police . NEWLINE Advertisement NEWLINE Salinas Police Department officers responded to a report of a suspicious person with a knife at 1:38 a.m. Wednesday . NEWLINE Officers found a teenager sharpening a butcher knife on a sidewalk outside a house . The teen , who sources said is about 16 years old , lived in the neighborhood . NEWLINE He refused to drop the butcher knife , and began banging it against a shed behind the house , Monterey County Deputy District Attorney Ed Hazel said . Two people were inside the shed . NEWLINE Police called in the Salinas Fire Department to use a fire hose as a tactic to subdue the " irrational " boy , Hazel said . NEWLINE " They brought in the fire hose to try and knock him down , " he said . NEWLINE Three officers deployed Tasers and non - lethal rounds . NEWLINE The fire hose , Tasers , and non - lethal rounds were all ineffective in disarming the boy , Hazel said . NEWLINE When the boy walked inside a house , officers decided to follow him because they were concerned that the teen may make people inside hostages , Hazel said . NEWLINE Once inside the house , the boy turned toward the officers ; he was still wielding his knife , Hazel said . NEWLINE One officer shot the boy six times with an AR-15 rifle , while a second officer shot the boy twice with a handgun . NEWLINE Two people came out of the backyard shed following the officer - involved shooting . The shed had been converted into a makeshift bedroom . NEWLINE A total of 14 officers were deployed for the incident , and most , if not all , of the officers had their body cameras activated . The Monterey County District Attorney 's Office is investigating to determine if officers committed a crime , and Hazel said the body camera footage is a " big part " of the investigation . NEWLINE Two officers were placed on administrative leave . Police have not released the teen 's name or age , but Hazel said the boy is less than 18 years old . NEWLINE Salinas ' new police chief , Adele Frese , declined to comment to KSBW about whether she would release names of officers involved in the shooting . NEWLINE READ MORE : Santa Cruz Sheriff identifies deputy who fatally shot teen NEWLINE " The Police Department will not be commenting on the case in order to protect the integrity of the investigation , " Frese wrote on the SPD 's website . NEWLINE A coroner will perform an autopsy on the boy Thursday , and toxicology tests will take weeks to complete . 