2017-01-14
Teen accidentally shoots friend , 14 , dead in E. Toledo 
A Toledo boy slain Thursday is the third juvenile police say was accidentally killed with an unsecured gun in about three months . NEWLINE Police said Dominique Alexander , 14 , was shot about 7:10 p.m. at a house in the 1500 block of East Broadway . Officials identified his friend , Leonard Temple , 19 , as the unintentional shooter . NEWLINE Mr. Temple , who resides at the home , was arraigned Friday in Toledo Municipal Court on multiple felony counts . Judge C. Allen McConnell set bond at $ 500,000 with no 10 percent option allowed . NEWLINE Dominique was pronounced dead at Mercy Health St. Vincent Medical Center . Authorities charged Mr. Temple with reckless homicide , child endangering , and tampering with evidence . NEWLINE Lt . Joe Heffernan , department spokesman , said Mr. Temple appeared to mishandle the firearm and strike his friend in the chest . He called the shooting an entirely avoidable act . NEWLINE “ These are hard cases to handle because there 's no reason something like this should have happened , ” Lt . Heffernan said . NEWLINE Investigators are still determining how Mr. Temple obtained the firearm , he said . NEWLINE To further prevent these unintentional shootings , the department continues to provide gun locks for the public . Police have about 500 available , Lt . Heffernan said . NEWLINE Relatives of Mr. Temple described the shooting as an accident , but declined interview requests after Friday 's arraignment . There was no answer at Mr. Temple 's residence . A listed East Toledo address for the Alexander youth was out of date . NEWLINE Dominique was an eighth - grade student at East Broadway Elementary School , and counselors were available at the school . Parents will receive a letter informing them as well , Toledo Public Schools spokesman Patty Mazur said . NEWLINE Journi Johnson , 2 , was shot and killed in December and Ty - Ryne Hoskins , 3 , was killed in late October in what authorities described as preventable shootings with unsecured firearms . NEWLINE Journi died of a single gunshot wound to the head . Her father , Turhan Johnson , 27 , is charged with child endangering after he admitted to police he left his 38-caliber handgun unsecured in his home in the 2400 block of Seaman Road , according to court documents . NEWLINE Ty - Ryne died after bullet went through a wall and struck him in the torso . Prosecutors filed first - degree misdemeanor charges Thursday against the gun owner , a 15-year - old relative . NEWLINE Mr. Temple remained incarcerated Friday in the Lucas County jail . Dominique 's killing is the second homicide this year in the city . NEWLINE Contact Ryan Dunn at : rdunn@theblade.com , 419 - 724 - 6095 , or on Twitter @rdunnblade . 