2017-03-14
Round Lake Park man killed in apparent accidental shooting on his birthday 
A 19-year - old Round Lake Park man died early Tuesday during a celebration of his birthday after apparently being accidentally shot in the head by a friend , according to the Lake County Sheriff 's Office . NEWLINE David J. Graham was brought to the Northwestern Medicine Grayslake Outpatient Center on East Belvidere Road at approximately 12:45 a.m. with a gunshot wound to the head , according to Sgt . Christopher Covelli . NEWLINE Covelli said Graham died shortly after arrival at the facility . Lake County Coroner Dr. Howard Cooper determined Graham 's death was caused by the gunshot wound . NEWLINE A preliminary investigation determined that Graham , along with four other adults , were celebrating Graham 's birthday while driving in a vehicle earlier Monday evening , Covelli said . Graham was the driver of the vehicle and pulled over in the area of West Monaville Road and West Old Monaville Road in unincorporated Lake Villa , according to the sheriff 's office . NEWLINE Covelli said that Graham , along with Joey Gonzalez , 19 , of Round Lake , exited the vehicle and began firing a shotgun into the air . NEWLINE After firing the shotgun , the two re - entered the vehicle and Graham began driving , according to Covelli , who said that Gonzalez was sitting in the back seat at the time holding the shotgun when it discharged inside the vehicle , shooting Graham in the head . NEWLINE Gonzalez then moved Graham out of the driver 's seat and drove him to the outpatient center for emergency treatment . NEWLINE " It does appear that it was not an intentional act , " Covelli said . NEWLINE Gonzalez faces several felony charges stemming from the shooting and a previous incident . NEWLINE As a result of the shooting , Gonzalez was charged with involuntary manslaughter , aggravated unlawful use of a weapon involving possession of a sawed - off shotgun , and another count of aggravated unlawful use of a weapon because he did not possess a FOID card , according to Covelli . NEWLINE Covelli said the two other people present during the incident are considered witnesses . NEWLINE Gonzalez also was charged with residential burglary , after police say he was found to be involved in a burglary that occurred in Ingleside last October . Covelli said Gonzalez was a person of interest in the burglary , and additional facts were developed during the death investigation " indicating his involvement . " NEWLINE The shooting investigation was conducted by sheriff 's detectives in conjunction with investigators from the Lake County Major Crime Task Force . NEWLINE Gonzalez was in custody of the Lake County Jail Tuesday afternoon after his bail was set at $ 300,000 in bond court . He is next scheduled to appear in court March 17 . NEWLINE jrnewton@tribpub.com NEWLINE Twitter @jimnewton5 