2017-03-10
3 teens shot in northwest Miami - Dade 
MIAMI - DADE COUNTY , Fla. - Three teenagers were shot Thursday in northwest Miami - Dade County , police said . NEWLINE The shooting took place in the 2400 block of Northwest 50th Street . NEWLINE Jason Gardner , 14 , was shot in the right leg , Lawrencia Barrett , 15 , was shot in the lower abdomen and Alexander Stalling , 18 , was shot in the right hand , Miami - Dade police said . NEWLINE All three victims were taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital 's Ryder Trauma Center in stable condition . NEWLINE " She was lying at my back door , and that 's it , " Barrett 's mother , Frances Robinson , said . NEWLINE The teen had surgery on Thursday night . NEWLINE " When she heard the shots , she just took off running , trying to get her little nieces and stuff out the way , " Robinson said . NEWLINE Police said the shooting started as the result of a fight . NEWLINE Two young men left the apartment complex , which sits near Brownsville Middle School , and returned with at least one gun , police said . NEWLINE " It ( does n't ) make no sense because it 's not grown folk , it 's the kids ( and ) babies . Babies . Some of them have n't even finished school year , " Robinson said . NEWLINE Miami - Dade County Public Schools Superintendent Alberto Carvalho took to Twitter to comment on the shooting . NEWLINE " Envelope of youth safety must go beyond schools . The culture of disrespect & violence that resulted in tonight 's shooting is unacceptable , " he wrote . NEWLINE Envelope of youth safety must go beyond schools . The culture of disrespect & violence that resulted in tonight 's shooting is unacceptable . — Alberto M. Carvalho ( @MiamiSup ) March 10 , 2017 NEWLINE One person was detained after the shooting but later released . NEWLINE Police are searching for two people , including a man believed to be in his 20s . NEWLINE Robinson is asking for parents in her neighborhood to step up and take responsibility for their kids . NEWLINE " If y'all know that y'all kids out here doing things like this , getting in trouble like this , please stop them , " Robinson said . " Say something , be a parent to y'all kids , know what they doing , know what they bringing home . " NEWLINE Anyone with information is asked to call Miami - Dade Crime Stoppers at 305 - 471-TIPS. NEWLINE Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved . 