2017-01-27
Two arrested in shooting in Valley Fair Mall parking lot 
FILE - Police at the scene where a 14-year - old girl was in critical condition Saturday after police say she was shot in a gang - related confrontation near the Valley Fair Mall . Two people have been arrested in connection with the shooting . NEWLINE WEST VALLEY CITY — Two people have been arrested in connection with the shooting of a 14-year - old girl in the parking lot of Valley Fair Mall . NEWLINE West Valley police say Andy Minh Vuong , 18 , was arrested for investigation of aggravated assault and felony discharged of a firearm . A federal detainer was also placed on him , according to jail records . NEWLINE A juvenile is also in custody . Details of the arrests , however , were not available Friday . NEWLINE On Jan. 21 , Shalece Brinkerhoff , 14 , of West Valley City , was shot in the back in what police initially called a " gang - related confrontation . " NEWLINE The girl received a call telling her to come to the parking lot of Costco , 3747 S. 2700 West , which is adjacent to the mall . When she arrived with friends just before 7:20 p.m , there was an altercation and shots were fired , one of which struck the girl . NEWLINE After Shalece was shot , she ran north through the mall parking lot where she eventually collapsed and was found by police . NEWLINE As of Friday , police say Shalece had been updated to good condition . A GoFundMe page was set up to help pay for her medical expenses . NEWLINE Vuong was convicted of theft by receiving stolen property in August , in exchange for charges of failing to stop at the command of law enforcers and drug possession being dropped . He was given a suspended prison sentence and placed on probation , but he had his probation revoked twice , according to court records . A warrant for his arrest in that case was issued Friday . NEWLINE According to court records filed in relation to Vuong 's probation violation , there was an altercation between two groups at the mall . NEWLINE " During the altercation , a male suspect fired at least one round from a handgun in the direction of the opposing group , " court documents state . NEWLINE Court records say Vuong was identified as the person who fired the shot that hit Shalece . 