2017-03-26
6 shot Sunday in Chicago 
Six people , including two teenage boys , were wounded in Chicago shootings Sunday . NEWLINE About 9:45 p.m. on the West Side , a 35-year - old man was shot while standing in the 1700 block of North Cicero Avenue in the North Austin neighborhood , police said . The shooter walked up to him and shot him in the right leg . His condition was stabilized at Mount Sinai Hospital . NEWLINE In the South Side 's South Shore neighborhood , a 30-year - old man was shot in the buttocks about 7:10 p.m. in the 7400 block of South Phillips Avenue , police said . He was in a vehicle when a dark - colored sedan pulled up and someone inside opened fire . His condition was stabilized at Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn . NEWLINE On the West Side about 12:50 p.m. , two men in their 20s were shot in the 4100 block of West 25th Street in the city 's Little Village neighborhood , police said . They were taken to Mount Sinai Hospital , where they were listed in good condition , according to Chicago Fire Department Deputy District Chief Jeff Lyle . Police said the attacker was on foot when he confronted the men and fired multiple times , hitting a 25-year - old man in the hand and abdomen and a 29-year - old man in the abdomen , police said . NEWLINE About 11:30 a.m. on the West Side , a 16-year - old boy was walking on a sidewalk in the 200 block of South Lotus Avenue in the South Austin neighborhood when two men emerged from an alley , police said . One of them fired a gun , hitting the boy once in the left arm , once in the right foot and twice in the left leg , police said . The boy was taken to Stroger Hospital , where his condition had stabilized , police said . The men fled east through the alley . NEWLINE About 8:30 a.m. on the Northwest Side , a 17-year - old was shot in the leg while walking in the 5300 block of West Grand Avenue in the Hanson Park neighborhood , police said . The shooter got out of a blue Chevrolet and opened fire , striking the teen , police said . The teen was shot once in the left leg and later was taken to Illinois Masonic Medical Center in good condition , officials said . The attacker fled north on Lorel Avenue in the Chevrolet . NEWLINE No arrests have been made in any of the shootings , all of which remain under investigation . 