2017-03-24
Teen shot , man carjacked after social media setup 
SOUTH DAYTONA , Fla. - A teenager who was shot and a man who was carjacked both were planning to meet up with a female from a social media app when their assailants struck , according to the South Daytona Police Department . NEWLINE The first incident was reported around midnight Thursday . A 17-year - old boy and a 27-year - old man were in a 2016 Ford F150 on their way to meet a female the teen had been talking to , according to a news release . NEWLINE The pair was stopped at a red light on South Ridgewood Avenue when a man got into the truck , pointed a small gun with a laser pointer at the driver and told the victims to get out , police said . The teen was shot in the stomach as he was trying to wrestle the gun away from the man . NEWLINE The man ran out of the truck and the driver took the victim to Halifax Medical Center . NEWLINE The bullet went through the teen 's stomach , liver and large intestines . He required surgery and is still recovering . NEWLINE The second incident was reported at 12:30 a.m. Friday . The victim said he met a female he had been talking to on the MeetMe app at a gas station on South Ridgewood Avenue and Big Tree Road . NEWLINE The victim was in his car talking to the female , who uses the name Shammai Taylor on the app , when they decided to move to James Street Park . As the two were in the back seat , four men knocked on car window to ask for a lighter , the news release said . NEWLINE One of the men pointed a small gun with a laser pointer at the driver and said , " Give me your car or I will shoot you and do not look at anyone , " according to police . NEWLINE The men took the victim 's white four - door 2001 Nissan . The female left willingly with the four men , the release said . NEWLINE The victim 's car has not been found and no suspects have been identified . NEWLINE Anyone with information about the incidents is asked to call the South Daytona Police Department at 386 - 322 - 3041 or Crime Stoppers at 1 - 888 - 277-TIPS. NEWLINE Copyright 2017 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved . 