2017-03-13
Undocumented person accused of shooting teen on birthday booked - WAFB 9 News Baton Rouge , Louisiana News , Weather , Sports 
Authorities report this is the vehicle the suspect was driving . ( Source : Louisiana State Police Troop D ) NEWLINE The man investigators say is responsible for the tragic ending of a birthday celebration has been booked into the East Baton Rouge Parish Prison to face murder charges in the death of a 16-year - old boy . NEWLINE The East Baton Rouge Parish Sheriff ’s Office identified the victim as Darius Plummer , 16 , of Baton Rouge . Louisiana State Police identified the suspect as Octavio Bringas , 49 . He is charged with second - degree murder . NEWLINE " I ca n't believe it ; I ca n't believe it , " said Derrick Ambrose , the victim 's cousin . " I 'm trying to grasp it right now . " NEWLINE Ambrose added that Plummer left his home Monday morning to go to a friend 's house . Investigators reported Plummer lived on North Harrells Ferry Road near South Sherwood Forrest Boulevard and I-12 . NEWLINE " His friend picked him up to go over there to celebrate and next thing you know , he 's on the floor , " Ambrose said . NEWLINE Deputies said the shooting happened at Bringas ' apartment complex on Southpark Drive near Airline Highway Service Road on Monday just before 1 p.m. They said Plummer was found shot in the head and was rushed to the hospital , where he died . NEWLINE " Our detectives began working very quickly to interview those that were here at the apartment complex and they developed the suspect , " said Casey Rayborn Hicks , spokeswoman for EBRSO. NEWLINE He said that he was " not coming back and would not talk to police , " Bringas allegedly told a relative . NEWLINE The probable cause report notes that Bringas is an " undocumented person living in the United States . " NEWLINE The Louisiana State Police Fugitive Apprehension Task Force captured Bringas along I-10 in Lake Charles less than three hours after the shooting . He was booked into the Calcasieu Parish Correctional Center , state police said . NEWLINE Bringas is believed to be the father of the friend Plummer was visiting . Bringas told detectives he was playing with a gun when he mistakenly fired it . NEWLINE It 's not an easy pill for the Plummer family to swallow . NEWLINE " Why would a grown man be playing with a gun around a kid anyway ? Why ? For what ? " Ambrose asked . NEWLINE Now , relatives want more answers and justice for a young man killed on his birthday . NEWLINE " I 've been knowing him since he was a little baby . He 's an outgoing kid , always clowning , joking around , goofing off every now and then . And to hear this out the blue , it 's shocking , " Ambrose explained . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 WAFB. All rights reserved . 