2017-01-23
New Details Emerging About Man Fatally Shot By Police In Larimer 
PITTSBURGH ( KDKA ) — The man shot and killed by Pittsburgh Police Sunday at his home in Larimer never should have had a gun in his hands . NEWLINE Online criminal court records in Allegheny County show Christopher Thompkins went to prison for shooting and killing someone in 1994 . That conviction means he should not have been in possession of a firearm on Sunday when investigators believe he was firing the gun to scare off an intruder . NEWLINE In November of 1994 , police were called to an apartment building on West North Avenue for a report of a domestic disturbance . When they arrived , they found Ronald Cunningham shot twice in the chest . He died at Allegheny General . NEWLINE Cunningham was a happily married father of four boys . He just happened to be at the apartment working as a handyman and intervened when Thompkins pulled a gun on his ex - wife , Brenda Richmond . NEWLINE She gave an interview to KDKA ’s Ralph Iannotti after the 1994 incident . NEWLINE Richmond said , “ Ronald Cunningham tried to block him from shooting me . He was like blocking him so he couldn’t shoot me and he shot him . Shot him twice . Not once , twice . Shot him dead in the chest . ” NEWLINE Richmond went on to say , “ I want to let the world know that Ronald Cunningham is a hero . He saved my life . And , believe me , domestic violence does not get any better if you are in a situation like that . The best thing to do is get out . ” NEWLINE Join The Conversation On The KDKA Facebook Page NEWLINE Stay Up To Date , Follow KDKA On Twitter NEWLINE In March of 1997 , Thompkins was convicted of criminal homicide and sentenced to seven to 15 years in prison . That conviction made it illegal for him to ever possess a firearm . NEWLINE Fast forward to Sunday at 4 a.m. Pittsburgh police were called to Thompkins’ home on Finley Street for a report of a home invasion . Richmond was there . NEWLINE According to the criminal complaint , she told police Juan Brian Jeter - Clark broke in and was standing over their bed . She reported that Thompkins said to give him her gun . Investigators say they believe Thompkins was firing the gun to scare Jeter - Clark . NEWLINE When police arrived , they saw a man coming down the stairs firing shots in their direction . Police returned fire , killing Thompkins . NEWLINE In 1997 , on the same date of Thompkins’ homicide conviction , he pleaded nolo contendere in another case for possessing a firearm when he was prohibited under the law . NEWLINE Sunday ’s case is still under investigation . The two officers involved are on administrative leave , which is standard protocol . Jeter - Clark is charged with criminal trespass . 