2017-03-17
Second man arrested in Trenton shooting that wounded 15-year - old leads the March 17 , 2017 Police Blotter 
The following information was provided by police , unless otherwise noted : NEWLINE Trenton NEWLINE Shooting arrest : Altyreek K. Crawley , 19 , of Trenton was arrested in the first block of Reading Avenue on Thursday in connection with a March 7 shooting on Spring Street , police said . Stephen Varn said that Crawley was taken into custody by the U.S. Marshals New York/New Jersey Regional Fugitive Task Force . Police had previously arrested Andrew Anderson last week for his alleged involvement with the shooting that wounded a 15-year - old . Police say the teen was shot in the hip , back and torso around 3:10 p.m. in the 200 block of Spring Street . Stephen Varn said that the Shooting Response Team executed a search warrant and recovered suspected marijuana and heroin . Crawley is facing charges of criminal attempt homicide , unlawful possession of a weapon , possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose , and various drug charges according to police records . NEWLINE Aggravated assault : Police arrested Shamar Jones , 31 , of Trenton on Thursday at 1:26 p.m. in connection with a March 2 incident in the 1400 block of Edgewood Avenue . Stephen Varn said officers were detailed to the area on a report of a stabbing in progress . When officers arrived they located a man who had been slashed in the face leaving a sizeable laceration on his nose . He was taken to Capital Health Regional Medical Center for treatment , Varn said . The officers then spoke with a female victim who told police that she had been in an argument with Jones , who slashed the tires on a vehicle at some point during the argument . He then came back to the door to argue with the female victim and her uncle intervened . Varn said at that point , Jones allegedly produced a knife and slashed the man in the face before he fled the scene on foot . As a result of the investigation a warrant was issued for Jones’ arrest . He was taken into custody at Trenton Police Headquarters on Thursday and charged with aggravated assault , unlawful possession of a weapon , possession of a weapon for an unlawful purpose , and simple assault . NEWLINE Drugs : Police arrested Aula D. Boles , 39 , of Trenton on Thursday at 5:52 p.m. in the 300 block of North Clinton Avenue by street crimes unit detectives who interrupted an alleged illegal narcotics transaction . The officers then found that Boles was in possession of 21 grams marijuana and $ 238 in currency . He was arrested and faces possession and distribution charges . Additionally he had several outstanding warrants according to police records . NEWLINE Advertisement NEWLINE Assault : Police arrested Joseph G. Mikos , 50 , of Lawrence on Thursday at 8:10 p.m. in the 600 block of Edgewood Avenue . Stephen Varn said that officers were detailed to the area on a report of an assault in progress . When they arrived they met with the victim who told police that Mikos allegedly struck her in the face and scratched her . Police said that there were visible signs of injury . Additionally Mikos bit a man who was at the residence that had restrained him until police could arrive . Police also noted that two children were present and observed the incident . Mikos was taken into custody and was charged with simple assault according to police records . NEWLINE Florence NEWLINE Drugs : Police said that on March 11 at 2:02 p.m. , an officer conducted a motor vehicle stop in the parking lot of the Route 130 Wawa . Police said they observed suspected heroin in Beverly resident Sylvester Davis’ vehicle . Police found additional heroin on his person and in the vehicle after taking Davis into custody . He was subsequently processed and charged with possession of a controlled dangerous substance , possession of drug paraphernalia and several motor vehicle summonses . Additionally , Davis had outstanding warrants for his arrest from Camden , Bordentown and Cinnaminson . Davis was then transported to Burlington County Jail , police said . 