2017-03-07
2 teens , man wounded in northwest Miami - Dade shooting 
MIAMI - DADE COUNTY , Fla. - Three people , including two teenagers , were wounded in a shooting Tuesday morning in northwest Miami - Dade County , police said . NEWLINE The shooting was reported shortly before 7:30 a.m. near Northwest 21st Avenue and Northwest 85th Street . NEWLINE Miami - Dade police Detective Alvaro Zabaleta said officers found two victims , including a teenage girl and boy . Both were taken to Jackson Memorial Hospital with non - life - threatening injuries . NEWLINE The 15-year - old girl 's family told Local 10 News that she was shot six times . They identified her as Samantha Isom . NEWLINE Her mother told Local 10 News reporter Ian Margol that she previously asked the Florida Department of Children and Families for help because her daughter has a history of running away . NEWLINE " She just came out of Citrus , " Cleo Waring said . " I asked them to keep her ( and ) her therapist asked them to keep her , and they just keep letting her out and she 's running away . This girl almost lost her life . This is crazy , man . " NEWLINE Margol was told that the other victims were a 17-year - old boy and a man whose age is unknown . NEWLINE An undercover police officer working at North Shore Medical Center said the man arrived at the hospital with a gunshot wound to the back . He was also expected to survive . NEWLINE A 37-year - old man was also hospitalized Tuesday after a shooting that was reported earlier in the morning just blocks away . NEWLINE " They better cut it ( out ) , " the man 's uncle said . " Somebody gotta do something about it . My nephew ( is ) lying up there clinging to his life right now , right this minute . " NEWLINE Local 10 News reporter Erica Rakow said a stray bullet also went through a woman 's house during the second shooting . She said debris hit her finger , but nobody was hurt . NEWLINE Isom 's mother said her daughter turned 15 less than a month ago . NEWLINE Copyright 2017 by WPLG Local10.com - All rights reserved . 