2017-01-12
SPD Chief : Brothers killed were lured to Grant Ave , shot during robbery ; 3 arrested
Syracuse Police Chief Frank Fowler says the two brothers who were fatally shot on Grant Avenue on Tuesday had been lured down there to be robbed .

During a news conference Thursday morning Chief Fowler announced the arrests of three suspects , all of whom are facing murder and attempted robbery charges .

The suspects have been named as 17-year - old Sheahonnie Davis , 19-year - old Toriano Newson and 23-year - old Curtis Paige III.
 Newson is accused of firing the shots that killed 17-year - old Daniel Diaz - Marrero and 19-year - old Ismael Diaz - Marrero , and has been charged with two counts of first - degree murder and first - degree attempted robbery .
Davis and Paige have been charged with two counts of second - degree murder and first - degree attempted robbery .
All three suspects are being held at the Onondaga County Justice Center .

Court documents indicate the victims were lured to Grant Avenue to meet with Davis through text and Facebook messages .
When they arrived the two other suspects , Newson and Paige , approached them attempted to rob them .
During the attempted robbery , Newson shot both Daniel and Ismael , according to Chief Fowler .
Court documents say several shots struck Daniel Diaz - Marrero in the chest " at close range " and a single shot struck his brother Ismael in the chest .

The felony complaints filed against Newson and Paige charge that the trio had lured the victims to Grant Avenue with the intent to forcibly steal marijuana from them .

The incident was no accident , according to Chief Fowler .
He says all three suspects knew each other - Davis and Newson had a previous relationship and both were acquainted with Paige - and had plotted to commit the robbery ahead of time .
Chief Fowler added that there does n't appear to be any particular reason why they targeted the Diaz - Marrero brothers .

Chief Fowler says the weapon used has not been recovered as of yet , but emphasized that the investigation is still ongoing .
He also made a plea to any witnesses who may have witnessed the crime to contact police at 315 - 442 - 5222 .

Syracuse Police were called to the 300 block of Grant Avenue to reports of a shooting at about 5:04 p.m. Tuesday .
When they arrived , Officers found two adult males suffering from gunshot wounds .

One victim was pronounced dead at the scene , the other was taken to Upstate University Hospital in critical condition where he succumbed to his injuries .

In a post on Facebook , Le Moyne President Linda M. LeMura , Ph.D. , said Ismael was a sophomore business student a Le Moyne .
A remembrance was held Wednesday afternoon in the Grewen Auditorium .

RELATED | Le Moyne College remembers life of student killed in Syracuse 's first homicide of 2017
 Syracuse City Schools Spokesperson Michael Henesey says Daniel was a senior at Fowler High School .
The district 's crisis response team will be at the school to help grieving students and staff .
His older brother Ismael graduated from Henninger High School in 2015 .