2017-01-30
Report Provides First Details In Shooting
That Critically Injured Vernon 15-Year - Old
Four young men were smoking marijuana , drinking liquor and rapping on Instagram live video Saturday evening in the back bedroom of a Talcott Avenue house when Joey Maddox , 19 , asked to see Pierce Montie 's gun .

Montie , 15 , pulled the black Kel - Tec .380-caliber semiautomatic pistol from his waistband and handed it to Maddox , according to a police report released Monday that provides the first details of the shooting .

Maddox racked the handgun and would later tell police he thought he was aiming an unloaded gun a little above Montie 's head when he pulled the trigger .
" I wanted to hear the click , " Maddox said .

Instead a projectile exploded out of the barrel and struck Montie in the left forehead .
Montie collapsed to the floor .
The Rockville High School student was in critical condition at Connecticut Children 's Medical Center Monday .

Maddox and the two others , who a moment earlier were with Montie " chillin ' , rappin ' and smokin ' " ran from Montie 's bedroom and out of his family 's house .
One of them took the gun with him .

A 911 call from one of Montie 's parents brought Vernon police and EMS.
As medics worked to save Montie , police searched for suspects and moments later an officer took Maddox into custody .

Maddox initially blamed two others for shooting Montie , but gave police a full confession later , after talking with his lawyer , John F. O'Brien of Rockville .

Maddox told police he knew Montie had had the gun for about two weeks , according to the report .
Police said the gun 's serial number had been obliterated .

One of the others in the room at the time of the shooting who took the gun returned to the scene and turned it over to police .
He also told police what he saw , according to the report .

At Maddox 's arraignment Monday in Superior Court in Rockville , Tolland State 's Attorney Matthew C. Gedansky acknowledged that the shooting appeared to have been unintentional , but refused to call it an accident .
The outcome should not have been a surprise , Gedansky said , when illegal substances , guns and people not licensed to possess firearms were mixed .

With friends and family of Maddox and Montie looking on , Rockville Superior Court Judge Carl E. Taylor set Maddox 's bail at $ 99,000 cash .
O'Brien said it was unlikely Maddox would be able to afford bail .

O'Brien called the shooting an accident and said Maddox is distraught . "
He did not know it was loaded , hence the accidental discharge , " O'Brien said .
He described Maddox and Montie as close friends , and said Maddox and his family are praying for Montie 's recovery .

Outside the courthouse , Maddox 's family and friends gathered in a circle to pray .

Kevin Hutton , Montie 's uncle , described his nephew as a good baseball player and a good kid .
He said the family is hopeful Montie will recover and is praying for him .

When asked about the gun , O'Brien said he hopes Vernon police find whoever is selling guns to 15-year - olds .

The charges against Maddox include first - degree assault , first - degree reckless endangerment , criminal possession of a firearm , risk of injury to a minor , possession of a weapon with an altered identification , unlawful discharge of a firearm and possession of marijuana .

Maddox has criminal cases pending in Superior Court in Manchester and Rockville for sale of drugs , possession of marijuana , escape from custody and interfering with police .