2017-03-01
Facial reconstruction image of woman killed by gunshots released
Facial reconstruction image of woman killed by gunshots released
 Image 1 of / 6 Caption Close Image 1 of 6 The recent release of a facial reconstruction of a woman whose body was found in west Houston in mid - February has prompted about a dozen calls to authorities .
The recent release of a facial reconstruction of a woman whose body was found in west Houston in mid - February has prompted about a dozen calls to authorities .
Image 2 of 6 Houston homicide investigators search the area around a body that was found in the middle of Sharpcrest Street near the Sam Houston Tollway Thursday , Feb. 16 , 2017 in Houston .
Photo : Michael Ciaglo , Houston Chronicle Image 3 of 6 Houston homicide investigators search the area around a body that was found in the middle of Sharpcrest Street near the Sam Houston Tollway Thursday , Feb. 16 , 2017 in Houston .
Photo : Michael Ciaglo , Houston Chronicle Image 4 of 6 Houston homicide investigators search the area around a body that was found in the middle of Sharpcrest Street near the Sam Houston Tollway Thursday , Feb. 16 , 2017 in Houston .
Photo :
Michael Ciaglo , Houston Chronicle Image 5 of 6 Houston homicide investigators search the area around a body that was found in the middle of Sharpcrest Street near the Sam Houston Tollway Thursday , Feb. 16 , 2017 in Houston .
Photo : Michael Ciaglo , Houston Chronicle Image 6 of 6 9900 Sharpcrest 9900
Sharpcrest Photo :
Harris County Institute Of Forensic Science Facial reconstruction image of woman killed by gunshots released 1 / 6
Back to Gallery

The recent release of a facial reconstruction of a woman whose body was found in west Houston in mid - February has prompted about a dozen calls to authorities .

The Virginia - based National Center for Missing and Exploited Children created the image at the behest of Harris County officials to help identify the woman .
She was between 15 and 25 years old when she died .

THE CRIME : Teen found dead in the middle of street

The center forwards all leads to local law enforcement , spokeswoman Rebecca Kovar said .
The center is not able to provide further details about the leads , Kovar said .

The woman 's body was found Feb. 16 in the 9900 block of Sharpcrest Street .
The Harris County Institute of Forensic Sciences ruled that the woman died from multiple gunshot wounds to the head , neck and torso .

According to a report released by the medical examiner the woman was Hispanic , about 5 feet tall and 108 pounds .
She had dark , wavy hair , pierced ears and was found wearing three metal rings , photos of which were also released by the Center .

THE SEARCH :
Authorities seek help identifying young female found dumped in roadway

This is n't the first image of the woman to be made public .
The Harris County Institute of Forensic Sciences released Feb. 21 a press release that included a photo of the woman 's face , after she was deceased .

To provide information that could help identify the woman , contact the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children at 1 - 800-THE - LOST or the Harris County Institute of Forensic Sciences at 713 - 796 - 9292 or , after March 3 , at 832 - 927 - 5000 .