2017-02-17
Teen girl found injured in ditch in Smithfield
SMITHFIELD , Cache County —
A 14-year - old girl who was reported missing was found injured in a ditch in Cache County early Friday .

Now , officers from several agencies are collecting evidence to determine what happened and how she was injured .

About 6:30 p.m. Thursday , the Cache County Sheriff ’s Office received word that a 14-year - old girl from the small town of Amalga had not returned home from school .
The girl was supposed to be home at 4 p.m. , according to the sheriff 's office .

Cache County Sheriff 's Lt .
Mike Peterson said the girl had been in contact through texting with her family throughout the day until late Thursday afternoon .

The girl is in ninth grade at North Cache 8 - 9 Center in Richmond , according to police .
She gets out of school about 2:30 p.m. and typically takes a bus to Sky View High School , where she takes a second bus to get home , Peterson said .

When she failed to return home Thursday , the sheriff 's office was called
about 6:30 p.m.
 At 12:45 a.m. Friday , after officers spent the night searching for the girl , Smithfield police were called to a report of a " medical situation " in a dry canal east of Sky View High where the teen girl was found .

" The girl had significant injuries that required transportation to a local hospital .
She was flown to a Salt Lake - area hospital for further treatment , " according to the sheriff 's office .
" It is unknown at this time how the girl was injured or how she ended up at the incident location .
There is not enough substantiated details of the extent of the girl ’s injuries and the circumstances of her discovery to release yet . "

Peterson said investigators were waiting Friday to hear from doctors about the extent of the girl 's injuries and what may have caused them .
As of early Friday afternoon , they could not confirm whether she was assaulted .
The girl 's condition had stabilized Friday , he said .

Detectives were also interviewing the girl 's friends and reviewing her Facebook posts Friday looking for evidence , as well as determining when the last time she was seen at school and whether she rode a school bus home that day .

The ditch where she was found is a high - traffic area with joggers and people who walk their dogs , Peterson said .
Because of that , detectives do not believe she was there very long before she was found by a person out looking for her .

Furthermore , Peterson said she was found in an area that had been checked earlier .

Additional information will be posted as it becomes available .