2017-01-18
CMPD : 15-year - old uncooperative after being shot in NW Charlotte
Updated : Jan 18 , 2017 - 5:45 PM
 CHARLOTTE , N.C. - Police are investigating after they said a teenager was shot early Wednesday morning in northwest Charlotte .

Officers were called just before 8 a.m. to the 4600 block of Wildwood Avenue , near Hovis Road and found a 15-year - old boy suffering from a gunshot wound to the leg .

Paramedics took the boy to the hospital , where he is expected to recover .

Investigators said a group of children were waiting at the bus stop when the teen came running down the street yelling than he had been shot .

Police tell me a 15yr - old boy was shot in the leg at some point this AM. He called for help at bus stop off Wildwood Ave .
in NW # CLT @wsoctv pic.twitter.com/JoYmBxeGTu — Gina Esposito ( @GinaWSOC9 ) January 18 , 2017
 A neighbor told Channel 9 that the teenager was still wearing his backpack when he called for help .

When he saw that the boy was bleeding from the leg , he rushed inside to call police .

“
He was very quiet , calm , ” said Kenneth Massey .
“
He just said he had been shot .
He just left with the fire truck and the ambulance .
”
 Paramedics took the boy to Carolinas Medical Center , but he is expected to be OK.

Police are still investigation what led up to the shooting and where it took place .

They canvassed the area and questioned neighbors to see if they heard or saw anything .

Police said the teen 's parents believe the teen was fine when he left for school that morning .

Police said the teenager was wearing an ankle monitor at the time of the shooting .

After tracing his steps , they determined he never left the neighborhood .

Neighbor Alisha Woods said the violence among teenagers is frightening .
" I do n't know what the situation was and how it happened and all that stuff
but I just hope my son sees that he 's going to be okay . "
She said .
" And that he do n't have to be a part of that . "

Read more top trending stories on wsoctv.com :
 © 2017 Cox Media Group .