2017-02-26
Garden City High School student , 17 , fatally shot in Detroit ; police seek persons of interest
DETROIT - Detroit police have released images of two persons of interest they want to talk with about a drive - by shooting that left a 17-year - old boy dead .

The shooting occurred Friday night in the 16600 block of Meyers on the city 's west side .

Police are looking for the woman and man in the provided image :
 Police and family are hoping newly released video will shed light on who pulled the trigger , killing the 17-year - old victim .
They want to find the SUV involved and identify two people who were in the store moments before the shooting .

Police said the victim , Reginald Rose - Robinson , and a friend were walking out of a store when a vehicle pulled up and someone inside of it fired shots toward the pair .

A woman shot him after someone made a lewd comment as Robinson and friends walked by .

It 's believed the woman had become upset and targeted the teens .
Detroit police released video of a dark SUV they believe the shooter was in .

The friend , who Local 4 News is not identifying for his safety , said the woman pulled the gun from the passenger side of the vehicle .

" She pulled a 9mm out of the window .
I was right by the car , but she pointed past me and aimed and shot him , " the friend said .
" He fell .
It was thundering real loud .
We heard the gunshot .
We knew it was a real shot , but we did n't think anybody got hit . "

But when he looked toward Robinson , he realized his friend was hit .
A single gunshot to the head killed him instantly .
His friend was unhurt .

Police are looking for two people who they said may know something about this shooting .
Video shows a woman spotted in the store moments before the shooting .
They said there is also a man who they 'd like to talk to .
The DPD is not calling them suspects , but just key witnesses who could answer the question Robinson 's family wants to know : Who was in the black SUV ?

Family members said Rose - Robinson was a Garden City High School student .

Copyright 2017 by
WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved .