2017-03-27
Shooting hits close to home in Back of Yards : ' There just ai n't no more love out here '
As Darryn Powell tried to make sense of a crime scene near his Back of the Yards home Monday night , he knew whatever happened meant his job had just gotten harder .
 "
There just ai n't no more love out here anymore , " he said , wearing a jacket with the word " Nonviolence " printed on the front .
Powell works as an outreach coordinator in his neighborhood for the Institute for Nonviolence Chicago .

An 18-year - old man had been shot in the left shoulder and right side about 11:40 p.m. in the 5200 block of South Peoria Street , near where Powell lives .
The teen was taken in serious condition to Stroger Hospital .
Police did not release details about what led to the shooting .

At least three cars appeared to have been involved in a crash on Peoria .
A silver van sat at the edge of an alley with front - end damage .
A handgun with an extended magazine could be seen on the ground near the van 's driver - side door .

It was one of three guns recovered by officers , according to a law enforcement source .
Multiple shell casings were found along the block .

Officers blocked off part of the 5200 block of Green Street , where the 18-year - old man was found , and a nearby alley where other evidence was discovered .

Late Monday , Powell heard what sounded like gunshots from an automatic weapon . "
Something that do n't belong in the street , " he said .

He grew up in the South Side neighborhood , and he thinks people end up both victims and perpetrators of violent crime because of systematic problems like the lack of financial opportunities .
He also said more people need to be given second chances .

Man shot in Lawndale neighborhood Elvia Malagon
/ Chicago Tribune
A 34-year - old man was shot early Tuesday while he was in his vehicle in the Lawndale neighborhood , police said .
A 34-year - old man was shot early Tuesday while he was in his vehicle in the Lawndale neighborhood , police said .
( Elvia Malagon / Chicago Tribune )
( Elvia Malagon / Chicago Tribune )

He believes all the vacant buildings in the neighborhood make people feel like they 're not part of the city .
Monday night 's shooting occurred near a boarded - up apartment building and along a vacant lot .

As Powell watched the crime scene , two boys and a woman walked by and asked if anyone had been killed or wounded .
The boys had heard gunfire for the past three nights .
Powell told them he did n't know who had been shot .
 "
Tomorrow we wake up hopeful it 's not someone we know , " he said .

Six other people , including four teenage boys , were wounded in attacks from Monday to early Tuesday in Chicago , police said .
 •
In Lawndale on the West Side , a 34-year - old man was shot just after 3:40 a.m. Tuesday while in his vehicle in the 1500 block of South Sawyer Avenue .
He was talking to a woman when someone approached and shot him in the arm , police said .
The victim drove to the intersection of Sawyer Avenue and Ogden Avenue , near the 10th District station , and sought help .
He was taken in good condition to Mount Sinai Hospital .
 •
In the North Side 's Lincoln Park area , an 18-year - old man was shot during an attempted robbery near the DePaul University campus .
About 11:45 p.m. Monday , he was walking near the 2600 block of North Sheffield Avenue when two men , one armed with a gun , approached and demanded his belongings .
The 18-year - old man was shot in the left leg as he tried to run away .
He went to Illinois Masonic Medical Center , where he was listed in good condition .

•
On the Southwest Side , a 17-year - old boy was shot in the neck about 4:30 p.m. in the 2800 block of West 64th Street in the Marquette Park neighborhood , police said .
The assailant approached the 17-year - old and fired shots into the vehicle where he was sitting , police said .
The boy got to Holy Cross Hospital and was transferred to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition , police said .
Two persons of interest were being questioned , police said .
 •
About 9:10 a.m. on the Southwest Side , a 16-year - old boy was shot in the left leg while walking in an alley in the 6800 block of South Washtenaw Avenue , police said .
A black van drove down the alley and someone inside opened fire , police said .
He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in good condition , police said .
The shooting took place near the Amandla Charter School for junior high and high school students .

•
On the Northwest Side just before 7 a.m. , two boys , 15 and 16 , were each shot in the leg in the 1600 block of North Austin Boulevard in the Galewood neighborhood , police said .
Their conditions were not immediately available .