2017-01-07
Florida airport shooting : Charges , victim info , more on what we know now
Authorities on Saturday filed charges as they continue to hunt for a motive behind the deadly shooting rampage at Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport as more details about the incident emerge .

Five people were killed and six injured amid the chaos , as terrified passengers ran before police apprehended the suspect without incident .

Here 's what we know :
 What happened ?

The melee erupted around 1 p.m. ET , when a man opened fire in a baggage claim area in Terminal 2 .
Witnesses described him as slender , 5-foot-7 and wearing a blue T - shirt .
He did not say a word as he emptied several magazines of bullets , the witnesses said .
He then dropped to the floor , spread - eagled , and awaited arrest .

Broward County Commissioner Chip LaMarca said the gun came from the killer 's checked bag .
After retrieving the bag , he went to the bathroom , loaded the firearm and started shooting , LaMarca tweeted .

George Piro , FBI special agent in charge of the agency 's Miami division , said authorities have interviewed 175 witnesses and collected photos , video and other physical evidence .

Who is the suspect ?

Esteban Santiago , 26 , a former military veteran , has been identified as the suspect by law enforcement authorities .
They say he appears to have acted alone .

Santiago was taken into custody without incident by a Broward County sheriff 's deputy .
He was booked at a Broward County jail on a murder charge .

On Saturday , federal authorities with the U.S. attorney 's office in Miami charged Santiago of an act of violence at an international airport resulting in death .
He was also charged with two firearms offenses .
The charges could bring the death penalty upon a conviction .

" Indications are that he came here to carry out this horrific attack .
We have not identified any triggers that would 've caused this attack , " said the FBI 's Piro .
" We are continuing to look at the terrorism angle as a potential motivation . "

Born in New Jersey , Santiago served in both the Puerto Rico National Guard and the Alaska Army National Guard , according to Lt .
Col .
Candis A. Olmstead , director of public affairs for the Alaska National Guard .

Santiago arrived in Fort Lauderdale early Friday aboard a Delta flight that originated Thursday .

In November , Santiago appeared unannounced in the FBI offices in Anchorage , complaining that the Islamic State had gained control of his mind and was urging him to fight on its behalf .

The FBI conducted a background check , learning of his military record , which included service in Iraq , but found no connection to terror groups .
Determining that the man apparently needed psychiatric care , the FBI alerted local law enforcement and turned him over to their custody for a medical referral .
It is not clear whether Santiago received treatment following that incident .

Who are the victims ?

Authorities have identified the five dead and are notifying next of kin .

The names of these slain victims have been made public so far :
 ►
Olga Woltering of Georgia .
She was a member of the Atlanta - area Catholic Church of the Transfiguration in Cobb County , according to an Associated Pres report .
Woltering and her husband flew to Fort Lauderdale for a cruise , church sources said .

► Terry Andres , of Virginia .
He was a volunteer support technician with the Oceana Volunteer Fire Department from April 2004 through 2010 , said Art Kohn , spokesman for the Virginia Beach Fire Department .

► Michael Oehme , 57 , of Iowa , has been identified as one of the slain victims by his sister .
Elizabeth Oehme - Miller also told the AP by phone Saturday that her brother 's wife , 52-year - old Kari Oehme , was shot in the shoulder and is expected to recover .
They flew to Fort Lauderdale to go on a cruise , she said .

Others ' names will be released later .
The number of injured was revised Saturday from eight to six .
Three of the victims are in good condition and the others are in intensive care .

Florida Gov. Rick Scott said Saturday morning that some of the survivors are “ fighting for their lives . "

Scott said he visited some of the victims in the hospital Friday evening .
He talked to a couple who flew to Fort Lauderdale to go on a cruise .
The wife was shot , and now they 'll be going home instead .
Another woman 's husband was shot and was bleeding " profusely " form the arm , Scott said .

The shooting , Scott said , was a " hateful act . "
 “
It was an absolutely horrific day , ” he added .
“ The person responsible for this act will be brought to justice to the furthest extent of the law . ”

How did a gun get through a checked bag ?

Transportation Security Administration rules allow travelers to pack unloaded firearms in checked luggage , so long as passengers declare their weapons to the airline while checking in , and they are packed in a locked , hard - sided container .

Piro said Santiago followed TSA procedures by checking the weapon .
The strict protocols involve showing the weapon and its carrying case to an airline ticket agent , who then checks that the gun is unloaded .
Ammunition may also be carried in checked baggage but must be stored separately from the gun , said David Williams , assistant professor of aerospace and occupational safety at Embry - Riddle Aeronautical University in Daytona Beach , Fla.

If the high - tech baggage screening behind the scenes detects a gun that has n't been declared , " that gun will be set aside .
It will not get on the airplane .
And , a law enforcement officer will find and arrest you , " Williams said .

Is the airport open ?

The airport reopened at 5 a.m. Saturday .
It had been shut down for 16 hours following the attack .
Terminal 2 , the scene of the shooting remained an active crime scene Saturday morning .

The Fort Lauderdale - Hollywood International Airport handles about 586 commercial flights daily , according to Flight Aware , a flight tracking website .
As of 9:30 a.m. , about a quarter of those flights scheduled to depart from the airport had been canceled and another 17 were delayed .
JetBlue , which had several cancellations , announced it would resume operations at 10 a.m.