2017-03-30
2 teens die after triple shooting in Mosby Court ; suspect still - NBC12 - WWBT - Richmond , VA News On Your Side
Richmond police say three people were shot early Wednesday morning in Mosby Court .
( Source : NBC12 )
 Two teens who were shot in a triple shooting in Mosby Court on Wednesday have died .

Taliek K. Brown , 15 , was taken off life support Thursday afternoon and died .
The 16-year - old girl , whose name has not been released , died after being taken off life support on Friday .

The two teens were shot just before 1:30 a.m. on Accommodation Street .
A third person suffered non - life - threatening injuries during the shooting .

No suspects have been named in the shooting .

Richmond Public Schools said in a statement on Friday that the school system if providing grief support and counseling :
 We are deeply saddened about the tragic incident involving two of our high school students .
Our thoughts and prayers go out to their families and friends during this very difficult time .
On behalf of the school board and our entire school division , we express our sincerest condolences and sympathy to everyone who has been impacted by this unfortunate loss .
Please rest assured that the safety and well - being of our students remains paramount in our school division .
We will continue to provide grief support and counseling for as long as needed .

Richmond Police Lt .
Michael Alston , who oversees the Mosby Court area , called upon neighbors to step up and help take the community back .
He pointed to a recent community meeting where few residents attended .
 "
Six people showed up for that meeting .
We have 300-plus residents in this community , right here alone .
Six people showing up… That ’s not a team effort , " said Alston .

Richmond Police , the Richmond Homicide Support Group , and special guest speaker Pastor Robert Winfree of New Life Deliverance Tabernacle will host a special forum for National Crime Victims’ Rights Week .

The event will be from 5:30 p.m. to 7 p.m. Wednesday , April 5 at the Richmond Police Training Academy at 1202 West Graham Road .

RELATED
STORY :

Copyright 2017 WWBT NBC12 .
All rights reserved
 Report an Error or Submit a Tip to NBC12