2017-02-24
Brooklyn boy , 15 , dies from gunshot wound to the head
A 15-year - old Brooklyn boy , shot in the head as he ran from a gunman , has died of his wounds , officials said Friday .

Rohan Levy died Thursday , three days after he was shot on E. 55th St. near Lenox Road in East Flatbush , officials said .

Neither Rohan nor his three friends were affiliated with a gang , but one of them was wearing red pants and a black jacket , and may have been mistaken for a Bloods member , officials said .

“
Right now , we’re thinking it was possibly gang ( related ) , ” said NYPD Chief of Detectives Robert Boyce , noting the clothing the victim ’s friend was wearing .
“ We have no other motive at this point .
”
 Brooklyn gunman shoots 15-year - old in head , 18-year - old in leg
 Rohan Levy ( pictured ) died three days after he was shot .

A gunman in a gold Honda Accord stopped in front of Rohan and his friends and jumped out after shouting something at them about 2:30 p.m. Monday .

The shooter fired a .380-caliber pistol at least four times , hitting Rohan as he and his friends scattered for cover .
The gunman sped off .
No arrests have been made .

Rohan was rushed to Kings County Hospital , where he later died .

Rohan Levy died Thursday , three days after he was shot on E. 55th St. near Lenox Road in East Flatbush , officials said .
( Debbie Egan - Chin/New York Daily News )

Neighbors and relatives were stunned to hear about the teen ’s death , describing Rohan as a popular kid and a good brother to his two younger sisters .

Drive - by shooter 's stray bullet strikes Brooklyn woman 's leg
 “
He was a good boy .
A good boy .
A schoolboy ,
” a teary - eyed relative said as Rohan ’s family left their East Flatbush home Friday evening .
“ He never got into no trouble .
I never heard that even once .
I don’t know what happened .
”
 A second victim , an 18-year - old friend of Rohan ’s , was hit in the leg and is expected to survive .

With Rocco Parascandola , Chauncey Alcorn