2017-01-22
Ex - wife : Homeowner trying to ward off intruder fatally shot by police
A Larimer man ’s ex - wife said he was trying to chase away a burglar by shooting a gun down the steps inside his home when Pittsburgh police opened fire and killed him early Sunday morning .

Pittsburgh police said the homeowner was “ firing in their direction .
Juan Brian Jeter - Clark

By the end of the day , Christopher Mark Thompkins , 57 , was dead .
Juan Brian Jeter - Clark , 23 , who has addresses in Mount Washington and Mount Oliver , had been arrested and charged with trespassing .

Two Pittsburgh police officers , whom the bureau did not identify , had been placed on administrative leave , per normal protocol after an officer - involved shooting .

Brenda Richmond , 51 , of Penn Hills — the former wife of Thompkins , an ex - felon who reunited with her several years ago — was in bed with him as events began to unfold shortly before 4 a.m.
 “
It was terrible .
Terrible .
I’m still shaking , ” she said .

“ I can’t believe Mark ’s gone , ” she said , referring to Thompkins by his middle name .

She said she and Thompkins were sleeping when , suddenly , she was awakened by him calling her name in urgent tones .

I opened my eyes and a man was standing there above us , ”
Ms. Richmond said .

The man , later identified by police as Mr. Clark , left the room and Thompkins asked Ms. Richmond for her handgun , which she said she has a permit to carry .

Mark ’s 78-year - old mother was downstairs .
We were upstairs .
She can’t walk .
She ’s sick .
She can’t do anything .
Mark was saying , ‘ My mother .
My mother,’ ” Ms. Richmond recounted .

After grabbing Ms. Richmond ’s handgun , Thompkins approached the stairs .
Ms. Richmond said he fired the gun , trying to “ scare the guy away .
We didn’t know if there was more people in the house or what .
She said Thompkins went down the steps to a landing and shot down the stairs .

“ I heard ‘
boom , boom , boom,’ I didn’t know it was the cops , ”
Ms. Richmond said .
“ I turned around and ran away , and I jumped out the window on the roof .
When the police came in , I was gonna jump [ from the roof ] , but the police told me , ‘
Don’t jump.’ I was screaming , ‘
I’m a victim .
Don’t shoot me .
I’m on the phone with 911.’ ”

Ms. Richmond said she didn’t know that police had been notified about a potential break - in .
She said she learned later that an alarm on their security system had been tripped , and the security company had notified emergency officials .

Police wrote in a criminal complaint for Mr. Clark that they arrived at the home , called out on a radio that they had a “ Code 3 — shots fired ” and saw Thompkins “ firing in their direction .
Responding officers who were standing on the front porch returned fire striking the homeowner .
”
The staircase Thompkins was standing on is “ straight ahead and slightly to the left of the entrance ” to the home , police wrote .

Ms. Richmond said she thought Thompkins was focused on Mr. Clark , not on police .

“ I could see Mark shoot down the stairs at the guy .
The cops came , and they shot through the door .
Mark was shooting at the robber , not the cops , ” she said .

Ms. Richmond said she didn’t hear police announce their arrival before the shots were fired and she wonders whether “ the protocol can be made better . ”
But she said she is not bitter toward the officers .

They were trying to do their job .
They didn’t know they were shooting Mark .
…
They saw somebody shooting , they shoot , ” Ms. Richmond said .

Sonya Toler , a spokeswoman for Pittsburgh police , declined to comment on whether the officers announced their presence , saying , “
As you know , with officer - involved shootings there must be an internal review .
As a result , more details will be released at the appropriate time .
She said bureau policy generally requires officers to announce their presence “ as soon as possible .
Officer Robert Swartzwelder , president of the Pittsburgh police union , did not respond to a request for comment .

The investigation continues , with oversight from the Allegheny County district attorney ’s office , as is typical for officer - involved shootings .

Thompkins had spent 10 years in a state prison in connection with the shooting death of a man who was trying to protect Ms. Richmond from Thompkins , who , at the time , was her husband , although the couple had been separated for a month .

He was not the same man today that he was back then , ”
Ms. Richmond said .
He changed everything .
He turned his life around .
In 1997 , Thompkins , who had resided in Penn Hills at the time , was convicted of third - degree murder for shooting to death a handyman who had gotten in the middle of a domestic dispute between Thompkins and Ms. Richmond .

He was 35 when he killed Ronald Cunningham , 39 , of the North Side on Nov. 11 , 1994 .

Mr. Cunningham was shot as he repaired a window in Ms. Richmond ’s Manchester apartment .

Thompkins and Ms. Richmond had separated a month earlier .

The defense had argued that the gun went off accidentally during a struggle .
Mr. Cunningham was shot once in the chest and once in the abdomen .

Thompkins had been acquitted of first - degree murder during his first trial in 1996 , but the jury couldn’t reach a decision on other degrees of murder , so a retrial was held .
He was found guilty of third - degree murder and he was sentenced to seven to 15 years in prison .
But , according to online court records , it appears the sentence was vacated on appeal .
Ms. Richmond said she is not aware of what happened in his case , which she said had been complicated , but she said he had served 10 years , most recently in Mercer , and had been released from prison in 2004 .

When he got out , he got a job with a cleaning company , then he became a dialysis technician .
He was a good guy and my best friend in the world .
That ’s why we got back together , ” Ms. Richmond said .

They have a 24-year - old daughter together and he had two children from another relationship .

Ms. Richmond said Thompkins worked after getting out of jail until he had serious health issues involving his lungs .

He had to retire , ” she said .

But , Thompkins spent his time taking care of his mother , who had suffered a stroke , as well as his grandchildren .

Ms. Richmond said she believes the Finley Street home was targeted for burglary because Thompkins recently had bought “ a nice new car .
They probably thought he had a nice car , so there ’s money .
Well , there ’s no money .
Just millions of bills .
All this for nothing , ”
Ms. Richmond said .

A neighbor who lives about a block away on the sparsely populated street , George Stash Phillips , a retired city police officer , was standing outside Thompkins’ two - story house , shaking his head later Sunday .
He described the street as a “ very nice place ” with little trouble .
He said he had heard shots being fired Sunday morning .
He put the number at seven or eight .

He said he knew the victim , “ only vaguely , ” saying they were cordial .

Elizabeth Pittinger , executive director of the Citizen Police Review Board , an independent panel that investigates complaints about police conduct , said it ’s too early to comment on the shooting .

“ We have to stand back while the investigation is conducted , ”
Ms. Pittinger said .
“ We will be just observing as to what transpires .
We would need to see if there ’s a criminal complaint filed .
As the investigation gets underway , Ms. Pittinger said , “
they’re now trying to determine if the shooting ’s justified .
If it ’s not , you’d expect criminal charges to be filed .
Mr. Clark was arraigned overnight on a criminal trespass charge and was being held at the Allegheny County Jail on $ 50,000 bond .
A preliminary hearing is scheduled for Feb. 2 .

Staff writer Liz Navratil contributed .
Karen Kane : kkane@post - gazette.com .