2017-03-13
Police : Father arrested after 6-year - old accidentally shot in Newport News
NEWPORT NEWS , Va. ( WAVY ) —
Police in Newport News say a 30-year - old man has been arrested after his 6-year - old daughter was accidentally shot in the leg last month .

Maurice Anthony Jones is facing charges that include reckless handling of a firearm and child abuse/neglect causing serious injury .

Police say officers were called to a home on Waterfront Circle Sunday night to check on the welfare of a juvenile .
Jones’ girlfriend reportedly told police that the incident happened Feb. 26 , after Jones’ daughters had come home from school .

Jones told officers that one of his daughters began running around the house , and accidentally knocked a firearm off of a bed .
The gun then went off when it hit the ground , and a bullet hit both Jones and the six - year - old in the leg .

“ Mr. Jones told the juvenile to leave the room and as the juvenile was leaving the room , the young juvenile hit the bed , which caused the firearm to fall and discharge , ”
Master Police Officer Brandon Maynard said .

According to police , Jones did not call 911 , did not take her to the hospital and treated her wound with a first aid kit .

Police say Jones didn’t explain why he failed to take the child to the hospital .
Maynard says it is possible he didn’t want to call medics and have to explain how she got shot .

While police were there , Jones’ girlfriend arrived .
 “
As Mr. Jones was speaking with officers , Mr. Jones’ girlfriend came to the residence , ” Maynard said .
“
She entered the door and she was visibly upset , so the officers turned their attention to her .
”

Jones and his girlfriend have children together , but police says it is unsure if she is the mother of the six - year - old .

Maynard says he doesn’t know why the girlfriend took so long to report the incident .
It was a concerned family member who called police to the apartment Sunday night , concerned about the child not getting the medical attention she needed .
She was taken to the hospital for proper medical treatment .

Officers checked the child ’s leg on Sunday and found a healing wound consistent with a gunshot on her right leg , according to police .

A firearm was seized from the home .

Officers also reportedly found a marijuana grinder , plastic baggies and cigarillos on a table in the living room .
Jones admitted to police that he had marijuana on him , and that he wanted to hide it to prevent his girlfriend from getting in trouble .

Jones is also charged with possession with intent to distribute marijuana .

Jones was arraigned Monday morning , and has another court date set for June 1 .
He refused WAVY News’ request for an interview .