2017-04-04
Two shot in Austin : ' The world needs to see it '
Dion Stokes was playing a game on his mobile phone early Wednesday when gunfire erupted near his West Side home in the Austin neighborhood .

" I got down , " Stokes said .
" ( It ’s ) the only reaction I know . "

A 16-year - old boy and a 19-year - old man were each shot in the leg just before 1:45 a.m. , Chicago police said .
They were walking in the 800 block of North Parkside Avenue when someone in a red van shot at them .

The 19-year - old man was taken in good condition to Mount Sinai Hospital .
The teen was taken in good condition to Stroger Hospital .
No one was in custody .

The teen and the man were among 11 people shot , one fatally , from Tuesday afternoon to early Wednesday , police said .

As officers blocked off part of Parkside , neighbors wearing pajamas peeked out their windows and others watched police from their front porches .
The crime scene was later expanded after additional casings were found on the front lawn of a home .

Stokes broadcast the aftermath of the shooting on Facebook Live .

" The world needs to see it , " he said while holding his phone .

His uncle , who did not want to be identified , also heard the gunfire and thought he was dreaming .
He watched police from his porch and , with his neighbors , tried to piece together what happened .
 2 wounded in South Austin shooting Elvia Malagon / Chicago Tribune Casings were found on the ground at the scene of a shooting early April 5 , 2017 , that wounded a 16-year - old boy and a 19-year - old man , police said .
Casings were found on the ground at the scene of a shooting early April 5 , 2017 , that wounded a 16-year - old boy and a 19-year - old man , police said .
( Elvia Malagon / Chicago Tribune ) ( Elvia Malagon / Chicago Tribune )

" Someone died ? "
a 67-year - old woman asked Stokes’ uncle .

" I don’t know , " he said .

" Oh , my God , " she said .

The woman , who also did not want to be identified , said she was in bed when she heard several gunshots .

" I just heard ' bing , bing bing , ' " she said .
" I didn’t dare go to the door , no way . "

It was the second time in less than 24 hours that she had heard gunfire outside her home .
Wednesday afternoon she heard another set of gunshots that sounded like they were coming from a block west of her home .

She is one of several residents on the street who are retired , she said .
She feels exasperated by the city ’s violence , saying she wouldn’t mind if federal agents were sent to help police .

" You just want to live in peace , " she said .
" They shooting like someone ’s going out of their mind . "

About 10:50 p.m. Tuesday on the South Side , the fatal shooting happened in the Englewood neighborhood .
A 17-year - old boy was with a 20-year - old man in an alley in the 5600 block of South Elizabeth Street when the shooter approached them and opened fire .

The teen was shot in the chest and the leg .
He was taken to Stroger Hospital , where he was pronounced dead at 11:21 p.m.
He was identified as Ronnie Smith Jr. , of the same block where the shooting took place , according to the Cook County medical examiner 's office .

The older man was shot in the right leg , and his condition was stabilized at St. Bernard Hospital .

No one was in custody in the shooting .

Officers and detectives searched a stretch of the alley that included about three garages .
At the edge of the crime scene , a man who lives around the corner from where the shooting took place stopped by after work to see what happened .

" That 's messed up , " he said as he smoked a cigarette and looked at the crime scene .

In other shootings :
 In the West Side 's Humboldt Park neighborhood , a 34-year - old man was shot in the leg about 4:10 a.m. Wednesday while he was outside in the 2500 block of West Cortez Street , police said .
The shooter pulled out a gun and fired at him .
He was taken to Presence Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center , and he was later transferred to Stroger Hospital .

About 9:55 p.m. Tuesday in the West Side 's Lawndale neighborhood , a 22-year - old man was shot in the right shoulder while he was in the 1500 block of South Lawndale Avenue , police said .
His condition was stabilized at Stroger Hospital .
He did not give officers additional details about what happened , police said .

About 7:15 p.m. on the Southwest Side , a 40-year - old man was shot in the head and critically wounded , and a 24-year - old man was in good condition after a shooting in the Brighton Park neighborhood .
It happened in the 3200 block of West 38th Place , police said .
Both men were taken to Mount Sinai Hospital , where the older man was in listed in critical and the other man was in good condition , police said .

About 6:05 p.m. on the South Side , a 19-year - old man was shot in the legs in the 2600 block of East 85th Street in the South Chicago neighborhood , police said .
Someone in a light - colored van opened fire , hitting the 19-year - old .
He was taken to Northwestern Memorial Hospital in good condition .

About 3:05 p.m. in the South Side 's Grand Crossing neighborhood , a 20-year - old man was wounded in the 7000 block of South Dorchester Avenue , police said .
A gunman walked up and shot him in the leg .
The victim got himself to Jackson Park Hospital , where his condition had stabilized , police said .

About 12:15 p.m. on the South Side , a 24-year - old was shot in the 1600 block of West 81st Street in the Gresham neighborhood , police said .
The 24-year - old was walking on 81st when a black vehicle pulled up to him and someone inside fired shots , hitting him in the left leg , police said .
He was taken to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn in good condition .
The shooter fled in the vehicle east on 81st Street .

On Tuesday , a 21-year - old man sought medical help for a gunshot wound to his hand days after he was shot during an attempted robbery in the South Austin neighborhood , police said .

Check back for updates .