2017-03-16
BB gun sniper nabbed after shooting 3 in NYC , including teen boy
Cops have grabbed a BB gun sniper who wounded three people in Brooklyn — including a 13-year - old boy , officials said Thursday .

Investigators arrested Tyquel Mackins , 18 , for shooting a 13-year - old boy and a 46-year - old man on Sunday and a 72-year - old man on Tuesday , officials said .

Cops learned of Mackins after receiving a tip about his involvement .

All three people were shot a short distance from Mackins’ home in the Cypress Hills Houses on Euclid Ave .
near Linden Blvd .
in Cypress Hills , officials said .

Same attacker eyed in flurry of Brooklyn BB gun shootings
 The BB spree began at about 9:30 a.m. Sunday when a 46-year - old man was hit in the neck outside Mackins’ building .

The victim was treated at Kingsbrook Jewish Medical Center and released , cops said .

A few hours later , at about 3 p.m. , Mackins shot 13-year - old Christopher Ferguson as he walked down Euclid Ave . on his way home from the store .

The pellet grazed the left side of the teen ’s face , cops said .

Cop car with two officers inside shot with BB gun in Queens
 “
He looked down at his phone and he saw blood dripping , ”
his mother , Yolanda Ferguson , 46 , told the Daily News Wednesday . “
He called me and said , ‘ Ma , I just got shot.’ ”

All three shooting victims were shot near Mackins ' home in Cypress Hills Houses in East New York , Brooklyn .
( adgafoto/Getty Images/iStockphoto )

On Tuesday , a senior was struck in the arm with a BB pellet as he was on Fountain Ave .
near Hegeman Ave .
, about a block from Mackins’ apartment building , officials said .

After receiving a tip that the BB shooter was Mackins , investigators went to his apartment .

After speaking to his mother , cops searched Mackins’ bedroom , finding a BB rifle with a scope , officials said .

Suicidal man threatens to shoot cop trying to save him on GWB
 Mackins confessed to the crime and said that a friend also participated in the shootings , police sources said .

His accomplice remained at large Thursday .

Cops charged Mackins with felony assault and misdemeanor counts of reckless endangerment and criminal possession of a weapon , officials said .

He was also charged with a robbery he committed with several others on Pearl St. near Smith St. in Brooklyn Heights on Feb. 2 , officials said .

16-year - old busted for BB gun threat at Brooklyn school
 His arraignment was pending , officials said .