2017-04-07
‘
He killed my whole family’ : Father and daughters shot dead in St. Paul
Gunfire on Friday morning claimed the lives of a St. Paul father and the two teenage daughters he doted on .

The shooting at a Payne - Phalen apartment also left the girls’ mother clinging to life .

Immediately after the shooting , authorities began a frantic search for one of the victims’ daughter — an 18-month - old girl .
Police found the toddler safe and arrested the man who was hiding with her in a shed not far from the apartment .

Police found another suspect in the case , Jeffrey Jamaile Taylor , 20 , the father of the toddler , dead of a gunshot wound .
He was discovered as officers canvassed a wooded area southeast of the original shooting scene .
Police are investigating the circumstances of his death .

The man who was found in the shed , 19-year - old Jeffery Arkis Taylor , was booked into the Ramsey County Jail on suspicion of kidnapping , and aiding and abetting murder and attempted murder .

Jeffrey J. Taylor and 19-year - old Maria Alana McIntosh , who was killed in the shooting , were the parents of the 18-month - old girl .
Jeffrey J. Taylor and Jeffery A. Taylor were half - brothers .

The other homicide victims were Maria ’s father , 47-year - old Wade Gordon McIntosh , and her 17-year - old sister , Olivia Felis McIntosh .

My Uncle Wade …
my cousins … they were all good , beautiful people , inside and out , ” said relative Louis Hernandez .
“ We are very blessed that the baby is OK. ”

REPORT OF SHOTS FIRED LEADS TO FOUR FATALITIES
 Just before 1 a.m. Friday , police were called to a report of shots fired at an apartment building in the 1600 block of English Street .

Diane Hagler , who lives on the third floor of the three - level apartment building , said she was awakened by two gunshots and soon heard a woman screaming outside .

She looked through her sliding glass door and saw a cousin of Anita McIntosh — the woman who remains critically injured — in front of the building screaming , “
He killed my whole family !
He killed my whole family ! ”

The cousin lives in a second - floor unit next door to where Anita McIntosh and her daughters have lived for several years , Hagler said .
Anita McIntosh is a caretaker for the building and “ has a heart of gold , ” Hagler said .

On Friday night , two uniformed St. Paul police officers stood outside both units .
A bouquet of flowers , left by a friend of the McIntosh family , leaned against the door of the unit where three of the victims were shot .

Paramedics pronounced Wade McIntosh and his daughters dead at the building , which is at the corner of Larpenteur Avenue and a few blocks from Lake Phalen .
Anita McIntosh , who is Wade ’s ex - wife , was taken to Regions Hospital .

“ We are all praying for my auntie right now , ”
Hernandez said Friday , adding that his family is feeling a lot of anger about what happened .
Related Articles Federal judge dismisses lawsuit filed by AK-47-toting man in St. Cloud
 Sadness , confusion in wake of St. Paul family ’s shootings
 Police hunt anti - government suspect in Wisconsin gun store burglary
 Payne - Phalen shooting victims’ family establishes relief fund
 93 mph at 7:30 a.m. : St. Paul man accused of driving on drugs with teen in car
 ‘
IT ’S
VERY SCARY’

After police heard about the missing toddler , they set up a perimeter and began the process to initiate an Amber Alert , but a team of officers and a police dog located the girl about two hours later , police said .

Got the baby , ” an officer could be heard saying in a dispatch recorded by Police Clips .
“ We got the baby ! ”

Police said in the recording that paramedics were needed for the child to treat hypothermia .
She was taken to a hospital and was uninjured , police said .

The shed where they found the toddler and the other suspect is in the back yard of a residence that Terry Yang rents .
Yang said she woke up early Friday to find police behind the home .
A police dog was barking and officers could be seen using flashlights to scan the area .

Officers were ordering a man to come out from the shed , she said .
He did
and they took him into custody .
Yang said she never saw the little girl .

Yang thought the man could be a drunk driving suspect who ran from police , but later she found out he was arrested after the fatal shootings .

It ’s very scary , ” said Yang , who was in her home with her five children .

COMMUNITY MOURNS
 Wade McIntosh was remembered Friday as “ a stand - up guy … a jack - of - all trades , ” said Greg Verdeja .

Verdeja met McIntosh , who grew up on St. Paul ’s West Side , when they were sixth - graders at Cherokee Heights Elementary School .
They went to Humboldt High School together , before McIntosh headed to Henry Sibley High School in Mendota Heights .

Maria and Olivia were McIntosh ’s only children , Verdeja said .
The teens were “
kind , beautiful young girls and they didn’t deserve this , obviously , ”
he said .

McIntosh ’s Facebook page had numerous photos of him with his daughters .

In a February post accompanying a photo of the two , he wrote : “ My Daughter ’s
Olivia and Maria .
Olivia is my mini me .
Little fire cracker , yet beautiful very creative out going …
Has smile and laugh …
that could light the world up !
Maria , so full of Grace and gentle beauty … a great Mother and Friend to her daughter Cheyenne .
”

Maria McIntosh graduated from AGAPE High School in St. Paul in 2016 , according to a spokesman for the St. Paul school district .
The school offers programming for teens who are pregnant or parenting .

She transferred to the high school in the 2014 - 15 school year after previously attending school in Roseville , according to a spokesman for that district .

Olivia McIntosh attended the Inver Grove Heights school district until seventh grade and spent one semester in Roseville .
She was a student at Face to Face Academy at the time of her death .

The entire Face to Face Academy community is devastated and our hearts are heavy , ” said Darius Husain , the school ’s executive director , in a statement .
Every once and awhile , you run into a student who leaves a lasting impression on everyone they meet .
Olivia was one of those rare individuals .
Her spirit was strong , her enthusiasm contagious , and her loss will leave a void not likely to be filled .
In days and weeks ahead , our small , close knit school will attempt to grapple with our grief and celebrate a life full of meaning and purpose . ”

The Roseville school district also expressed sympathy to the teens’ families .
Related Articles Street sweeping begins Monday , adopt a drain
 Knight Foundation offers $ 5,000 grants to civic innovators age 19 - 35
 Sadness , confusion in wake of St. Paul family ’s shootings
 Payne - Phalen shooting victims’ family establishes relief fund
 Thao wins Our Revolution MN - Greater St. Paul endorsement for mayor

SUSPECT IS JAILED
 Jeffery A. Taylor remained jailed on Friday .
Police said they will continue to investigate Taylor ’s involvement and plan to present a case to the Ramsey County attorney ’s office Monday to consider charges against him .

Minnesota criminal records show each of the half - brothers was convicted of disorderly conduct in recent years , but not a history of more serious convictions .
A relative reached in Missouri on Friday declined to comment .

Investigators ask anyone with information about what happened to call 651 - 266 - 5650 .

Nick Ferraro contributed to this report .