2017-01-19
9-year - old dies , father injured in Mt. Auburn double shooting
Police say they are looking for 3 to 4 men seen running from the scene
 A young girl was killed and her father was injured Wednesday in a shooting in Mount Auburn .

Authorities were called just before 6 p.m. to a home to the 2200 block of Burnet Avenue on reports of a shooting .

Police said they found a 39-year - old man and his 9-year - old daughter with multiple gunshot wounds inside of the home .

The girl , identified as Alexandrea Thompson , was taken to Cincinnati Children 's Hospital , where she died , authorities said .

Thompson was a student at Mount Auburn International Academy .

Authorities said the man was underwent surgery at UC Medical Center .
He is listed in critical condition .

She was a shining star and we all knew it , ” said Freeman McNeal who lives just across the street .

McNeal said Alexandrea was called “ Sissy ” by everyone in the neighborhood .
She was like a granddaughter to him .

That spirit , that fight and that love that she love she had , that tenderness -- it ’s gone , ”
McNeal said .

Senora Ware , a neighbor , saw the aftermath of the shooting as she walked in the area to go to the store .

" I saw the lady run out waving her hand and all the police cars coming by , " Ware said .

Ware said the scene made her emotional .

" I have young kids , and I just could n't imagine something like that happening to my children , " she said .

Investigators told WLWT that the man was hit in his upper torso .
An officer said the man was also hit in his side .

" To have an occurrence where we have a small child , 9 years old ... it weighs on you , " Cincinnati assistant police Chief Paul Neudigate said Wednesday evening .

Police said they are looking for three or four men who were seen running from the scene , but would not speculate about why they were at the home or why shots were fired .

He said he doesn’t know why they targeted him , and that ’s his words , ” said Peterson Mingo , a pastor who talked to the father in the hospital .

He said he had seen one of the guys around but he didn’t know who they were , ” Mingo said .

" Any cooperation from anybody that knows anything about this horrendous act , we need them to ... call us .
Give us information .
Somebody needs to be held accountable for this , " Neudigate said .