2017-02-14
Family mourns loss while detectives investigate fatal Lorain shooting
Erica Dervic and her 7-year - old son , Ma - Kyle Grondin .
Submitted
 “
Full of life ” are the words an Elyria woman used to describe her younger sister , Erica Dervic , 27 , who recently was killed in what police say was a reported accidental shooting Feb. 12 in Lorain .
 “
She was a firecracker , ” said Samantha Dervic , 29 .
She had a heart of gold .
Erica Dervic , who lived in the 400 block of Iowa Avenue , was pronounced dead after arriving at Mercy Regional Medical Center ’s emergency room , according to Lorain police Lt .
Ed Super .

She suffered an apparent “ through - and - through ” gunshot wound to her upper arm during the incident around 12:47 p.m. at her home , a Lorain police report said .

Advertisement
 Samantha Dervic said her family has suffered a great loss and her mother , Cheryl Frame , is beside herself .

Erica Dervic , who was raised in Elyria , was the second youngest of four siblings .
She had a 7-year - old son , Ma - Kyle Grondin .

Samantha Dervic said her sister recently started a job at Camaco , 3400 River Industrial Park Road in Lorain , and was a couple of weeks away from having her life insurance policy kick in .

Before securing a job at Camaco , Erica Dervic was home - schooled and then took classes at Lorain County Community College for a couple of years .
Samantha Dervic said her sister had talked about someday going back to school .

She just wanted to find a man , be happy and start a family , ”
Samantha Dervic said . “
She was just a beautiful person inside and out .
In her spare time , Erica Dervic loved being outdoors and spending time with her son , family and friends .
Samantha Dervic said her sister loved four - wheeling , fishing and shooting .

“ She took pride in her guns and her capability of shooting , ” Samantha Dervic said , noting her sister had a permit to carry a concealed weapon .
She was very knowledgable and skillful when it comes to guns .
In the meantime , while the family continues to struggle with Erica Dervic ’s loss , the Lorain Police Department is working to piece together what unfolded that tragic afternoon .

According to the police report from the shooting , three males — a 30-year - old Lorain man , a 21-year - old Lorain man and a 34-year - old Oberlin man — were present at the time of the incident , but charges have yet to be filed .

All three males were tested for gunshot residue , the report said .
The results — which were not listed in the report — were forwarded to detectives as part of the investigation .

Super said the incident was reported as an accidental shooting and the investigation is ongoing .

Once the investigation is complete , all of the information and evidence collected , including the Lorain County Coroner ’s report , will be forwarded to the Lorain County Prosecutor ’s Office for review , he said .

“ We are not planning on charging anybody directly , but we also have not completed our investigation , ” Super said .

Detectives are working to uncover as much information as possible , he said .

Samantha Dervic said the family is finalizing funeral arrangements , but plans to have the service and viewing at Laubenthal - Mercado Funeral Home , 38475 Chestnut Ridge Road in Elyria .