2017-02-26
Police : Masked men shoot teen in Garner apartment : : WRAL.com
You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters
 Message : *
A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com : http://wr.al/17S6u
 — A teenager sustained life - threatening injuries early Sunday when she was shot inside a Garner apartment .

Around 12:05 a.m. , officers with the Garner Police Department responded to an apartment in the Weston Trace complex at 248 Westcroft Drive .

According to officials , a small get - together was taking place in the apartment when three men in masks stormed into the home and opened fire .

One witness said she was standing outside the building with her friends and her sister when a man approached them .

" He walked up on me , asked ' where the party at ? '
I said I did n't know because it was getting shut down
so it was no use telling him where it was at , " she said .

The witness said the man walked up the stairs to check out the party and came down soon after .
Then , she said the man approached her again , but this time the conversation was n't nearly as friendly .

" When he came up to me , he approached me , he came up with a gun and a facemask .
He said ' if I was you , I 'd get out of here ' , " she said .

The witness , her sister and the rest of the bunch did n't think twice .
They said as the man ran up the building stairs , they ran the other way .

" I just thought ' keep running , keep running , do n't stop , keep running ' , " the sister said .

Briana Solomon - Sides , 15 , of Raleigh , was found bleeding on the floor upstairs .
She was transported to WakeMed with serious injuries , officials said .
She is currently in stable condition .

The incident is under investigation , but authorities said the shooter , who had two accomplices , was able to get away .

" Last night , I could n't sleep .
I 'm up all night thinking ' is he going to come back ? '
' Who 's he going to bring this time ? '
'
Is he going to be more prepared ' ?
It 's crazy , " the sister said .

Anyone with information is asked to contact the Garner Police Department at 919 - 772 - 8810 or by e - mail at GPDtips@garnernc.gov .