2017-03-16
Arrest made in shooting near Seminole High , police say
SANFORD , Fla. - A student was shot near Seminole High School Wednesday afternoon , prompting officials to place that school and Millennium Middle School on lockdown , according to the Sanford Police Department .

Police responded at 1:22 p.m. Wednesday to 911 calls reporting a shooting that happened on Ridgewood Avenue , near Seminole High School , the department said .

Officers found a juvenile victim who was suffering from a gunshot wound to the shoulder .
Police said he was taken to a nearby hospital with non - life - threatening injuries .

The shooting took place in the vicinity of several school buses and students leaving the school campus .
Police said a bus with 25 students was in close proximity where the shooting took place , but no one on the bus was injured as a result of the shooting .

" There was quite a bit of traffic , vehicle traffic , in and out of this roadway and also pedestrian traffic and the bus was going at a slow rate of speed down the road and was in close proximity to where the shooting took place , " Sanford police spokeswoman Bianca Gillett said .

Sanford police identified the suspect as Jaquan Alexander Grant , 16 .
He originally eluded authorities , but was located shortly after 5 p.m. not far from the scene , officials said .
Police announced his arrest at 5:15 p.m. , several hours after the shooting .

Grant was arrested and charged with one count of aggravated battery with a deadly weapon , police said .

Grant 's family told News 6 his parents learned that he was wanted by police and they called Sanford police to turn him in .
They said a Sanford police officer arrived and took him into custody .

" Officers were working out here diligently with the investigation .
It was a very active area , " Gillett said .
" We had a lot of cooperation from students here today and assisting us with this investigation . "

" At the recent town hall meetings regarding our school 's safety , there was a continued focus on agencies working together , utilizing available resources and following emergency operating procedures , " Chief Cecil Smith said in a statement .
" Today 's incident , though unfortunate , was a testament to how effective those procedures are and how seamlessly our local agencies work together during critical times . "

Grant and the victim are registered students in the Seminole County school system , according to Sanford police , but officials did not say which schools they attend .

Investigators are not releasing a motive for the shooting , but Grant 's family told News 6 he was jumped by a group of teenagers at the school Tuesday and beat up .

They insisted , however , that he was not at the school Wednesday and he had nothing to do with the shooting .

Officials announced the code red on Twitter for the high school at 1:45 p.m.
The code red for the middle school was announced at 2:12 p.m.
The lockdowns at both schools were lifted at 2:52 p.m.
 Sanford police said the shooting was an isolated incident and there was never an active shooter situation .

Parents who would like to pick up their children may do so from the Live Oak entrance .
All extracurricular activities at the schools have been canceled .

Seminole County Public Schools Superintendent Walt Griffin issued a statement about the shooting .

" We are deeply saddened to learn of a shooting just outside of our Seminole High campus this afternoon .
Our thoughts and condolences are with the victim 's family during this difficult time , " Griffin said .
" No other injuries have been reported and students on campus are safe .
Seminole High and Millennium Middle are currently on a Code Red lockdown out of an abundance of caution . "

Griffin asked for patience as law enforcement and emergency personnel continue to investigate .
 "
This means traffic on and off campus will be halted and buses will be delayed from leaving , " Griffin said .
" We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause , but know that the safety and well - being of our students is our utmost concern . "

Griffin promised to send parents more information as soon as it becomes available .

Anyone with information about the incident is asked to call the Sanford Police Department or Crimeline at 800 - 423-TIPS ( 8477 ) or visit crimeline.org .
Police said calls made to Crimeline remain anonymous and tips to Crimeline that lead to solving a felony case are eligible for a cash reward of up to $ 1,000 .

Several other incidents were reported at schools across Central Florida Wednesday , although there is no indication that they are related .

Eight students were injured in a fight at Meadow Woods Middle School , a noose was found hanging outside Gotha Middle School and a threat was found written in a Timber Creek High School bathroom stall .

Copyright 2017 by
WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved .