2017-02-28
Shooting involving North Las Vegas sergeant in January ruled accidental
A North Las Vegas sergeant accidentally shot a 25-year - old man in the foot during a January traffic stop , North Las Vegas police said Tuesday .

The shooting happened early Jan. 3 while the SWAT team was working a separate barricade incident on the 2200 block of Statz Street , near Lake Mead Boulevard and Civic Center Drive , police had said .

Just before the traffic stop and shooting , the 25-year - old , Phillip Murry , was driving north on the 2200 block of Ellis Street , just west of the barricade , where Sgt .
Michael Booker was working a perimeter post .
 “
We believe that the SWAT operator at one point perceived a threat , ” North Las Vegas police spokesman Aaron Patty said then .
“
He discharged his firearm .
The man shot was taken to University Medical Center with injuries that were not life - threatening .
 “
Upon further investigation , the North Las Vegas Police Department has determined that the shot from the sergeant ’s handgun was an accidental discharge , ” the department said in a statement Tuesday .
“ The Department is conducting an internal administrative review of the incident which will determine the action taken by the Chief of Police .
Booker , 40 , remains on paid administrative leave , the department said Tuesday .
He has been with the department for about 10 years .

On Jan. 18 , Murry , filed an excessive force lawsuit against the department .

According to the lawsuit , filed in federal court in Las Vegas , Murry had driven past the police vehicle on his route home from the grocery store and had no prior knowledge of the nearby SWAT activity resulting from the barricade .
 “
Defendant Sgt .
Michael Booker approached plaintiff ’s vehicle and within an extremely short period of time shouted , ‘
Hey!’ to him , mumbled some other words which were indecipherable to plaintiff and then fired his weapon , ” the complaint said .

The lawsuit also suggests that Booker was not aware he shot Murry , saying that after the shooting , the officer “ continued to question and accuse plaintiff of acting in a suspicious manner , of crossing a police barricade and made general accusations of wrongdoing .
The litigation is pending .

Review - Journal reporter Jenny Wilson contributed to this report .

Contact Rachel Crosby at rcrosby@reviewjournal.com or 702 - 387 - 5290 .
Follow @rachelacrosby on Twitter .