2017-01-05
Police : Clearwater boy killed himself after argument with mother
Police : Clearwater boy killed himself after argument with mother Local News Police : Clearwater boy killed himself after argument with mother Clearwater police say a 10-year - old boy turned a gun on himself Thursday morning after getting into an argument with his mother .

- Clearwater police say a 10-year - old boy turned a gun on himself Thursday morning after getting into an argument with his mother .

Emergency crews responded to the Lindru Garden Apartments on Lincoln Avenue just before 8:30 a.m. When officers arrived , they discovered Ian Sevostjanov dead in the bottom - floor apartment .

The Belleair Elementary fifth - grader had argued with his mother this morning and when she sent him to his room , he somehow got ahold of the family 's gun .

Detectives say he shot himself once , inflicting a fatal wound .

" Paramedics did everything they could to treat the juvenile , but the juvenile did pass away this morning , " said Chief Dan Slaughter .
" It 's a tragedy in all respects . "

Neighbors say Ian was a happy child , who was often seen playing with other children in the neighborhood .

" He 's very intelligent , smart , cordial and just a happy kid , " Lesley Sarchione offered . "
He played with all the other kids .
They used to play soccer right in front of my apartment every night .
I ca n't imagine how it 's going to be for the other kids when they find out . "

Clearwater police are still investigating how the gun was stored and why they boy was able to access it so easily .

The chief says the tragedy is a stark reminder to gun owners to keep their weapons out of reach to children
 " There are rules and restrictions on making sure you keep a gun in a safe manner that 's not accessible to a child , and I think that 's just the responsible thing to do as a gun owner , " Slaughter stated .
" I 'm not here to debate the Second Amendment or anything , but with certain rights in the Constitution come great , great responsibility .
And if a person owns a firearm , there is a responsibility to keep it in a safe location . "

The boy 's mother , 49-year - old Olga Grusetskaja , was the only other people home at the time of the incident .