2017-01-28
Three found dead in McLean home were result of murder suicide , police said
( Photo : WUSA9 's Peggy Fox )
 MCLEAN , VA ( WUSA9 ) - Three people have been found dead inside a home in the 1300 block of Windy Hill Road .
Fairfax County were the result of a murder suicide .

Fairfax County Police said the father shot his wife , his son and himself .

The decedents have been identified as Shirley Zhou , 48 , James Wenjie Chen , 16 , and Hong Chen , 52 , of McLean .
It is believed that Hong Chen fatally shot his wife , Shirley Zhou , and son , James Chen .

A friend said that the couple who lives there has two children , a boy who is a sophomore at Langley High School and a daughter at the University of Virginia .
The friend said the boy was not at school today and did not get on his bus this morning .

Just after 12:30 , a call came in to police from a family member who had gone to the home to check on them and saw a body inside .
The home was soon surrounded by police who set up a crime scene .

A friend of the mother and son who live in the home stopped by the scene after learning about the crime scene .

" I left work when I saw the house on the news and I 'm just really worried , " said Beth Chung who coached the boy in the extra - curricular activity Science Olympiad when he was a student Longfellow Middle School .

Chung said the boy , now a sophomore , is extremely bright .

" He is an exceptional kid .
He 's a great builder .
He built helicopters , planes , and did chemistry and physics with me , " said Chung .

She said she is hoping and praying for the best .

Several Langley High School students showed up with flowers , worried one of the deceased was their friend , a sophomore at Langley .

Police are calling it a domestic incident and says there 's no threat .

Neighbor Khale Murad says he has n't seen the family at the home in months .

" We 're just praying for the family , " said Murad .

Crime scene detectives are expected to be at the home collecting evidence through the night .

Fairfax County Police would give no details about how the victims were killed , or where they found , nor would they release the identities of the victims .
It took until 5 p.m. for police to release the number of victims , saying they were waiting for notification of next - of - kin .

Police say their next update will be Saturday afternoon .

Police are asking anyone with information about this incident to contact Detective Spooner at 703 - 246 - 7800 or to contact Crime Solvers at www.fairfaxcrimesolvers.org or by calling 1 - 866-TIPS OR CALL 703 - 691 - 2131 .

© 2017 WUSA - TV