2017-03-14
Hayward : Woman dies in officer - involved shooting near CSU East Bay
HAYWARD —
Police said they were investigating an officer - involved shooting that claimed a woman ’s life Tuesday evening after a violent confrontation , brief pursuit and crash near the California State University , East Bay campus Tuesday evening .

Related Articles Investigation continues in Hayward officer - involved shooting
 Fremont : DA , police investigate fatal officer - involved shooting
 Inquiry ordered into Vallejo officer after taped beating goes viral At 5:19 p.m. , Fremont police detectives found a stolen vehicle sought in connection with multiple armed robberies in Fremont and around the Bay Area , Hayward police said in a statement early Wednesday .

When two detectives tried to stop the vehicle at City View Apartment Homes , 25200 Carlos Bee Boulevard , its driver shifted into reverse and rammed a detective ’s vehicle , injuring both detectives .

“
During the incident , Fremont detectives were forced to fire their duty weapons at the suspect driving the vehicle and one of the female occupants was struck by gunfire , ” Hayward police said .

The vehicle then drove out of the apartment complex before crashing at the intersection of Campus and Oaks drives , where a male suspect fled the car on foot .

Police took two other people inside the car , a male and female , into custody .
Hayward firefighters treated the woman suffering from gunshot wounds at the scene before taking her to a nearby trauma center , where she was pronounced dead , police said .

Both Fremont police detectives were treated and released from a local hospital , police said .

Hayward police initially urged CSU students to shelter in place , citing a shooter on the loose near the campus’ University Village dormitory on Carlos Bee Boulevard .
Students on campus were urged to exit using Harder Road .

The shelter - in - place order was lifted around 7:10 p.m. with Carlos Bee reopened for traffic , but Campus Drive and Second Street remained closed for the investigation .
Authorities said that there was no connection to the university , and reports suggested that classes continued Tuesday evening without interruption .

Officers with Hayward ’s special - response SWAT unit searched the area until around 1:15 a.m. Wednesday without finding the suspect , police said .

Hayward police said they would be investigating the officer - involved shooting , with the Alameda County District Attorney ’s Office conducting a separate and parallel investigation .

Anyone with information should call Hayward police Det .
Steve Riley at 510 - 293 - 7034 or e - mail HaywardPDTips@hayward - ca.gov .

Check back for updates .

Contact George Kelly at 408 - 859 - 5180 .