2017-01-03
4 killed , 11 wounded in city shootings Tuesday
4 killed , 11 wounded in city shootings Tuesday
 Four people were killed and at least 11 others were wounded in shootings Tuesday across the city ’s South and West sides .

Most recently , two brothers were killed in a Homan Square neighborhood shooting on the West Side .
Officers responding at 11:13 p.m. to a call of shots fired in the 3200 block of West Lexington found the men lying in the street , according to Chicago Police .

Simmieon Mcgruder , 23 , was shot in the head and left arm and taken to Mount Sinai Hospital , where he was pronounced dead at 11:52 p.m. , according to police and the Cook County medical examiner ’s office .
The other man , 25-year - old Simmie Mcgruder , suffered multiple gunshot wounds and died at Mount Sinai at 5:13 a.m. Wednesday .
A police source said the men were brothers .
They both lived in the 3600 block of West Douglas .

Earlier Tuesday , two teenage boys were killed and a 65-year - old woman was wounded in a shooting in the East Garfield Park neighborhood on the West Side .
Malik McNeese , 16 , and a 17-year - old Stevie Jefferson were on a sidewalk about noon in the 3400 block of West Fulton when a black SUV pulled up and someone inside opened fire , hitting both boys , authorities said .
A bullet also sailed into a home on the block , striking the 65-year - old woman in the leg .
She was taken to Mount Sinai in good condition .

McNeese , of the 3200 block of West Walnut , was shot in the head , back and arm and taken to Stroger Hospital , where he was pronounced dead at 12:20 p.m. , authorities said .
Jefferson , of the 3200 block of West Maple , suffered a gunshot wound to the head and was taken to Mount Sinai , where he was pronounced dead at 12:41 a.m. Wednesday .

The day ’s latest nonfatal shooting happened shortly after 11 p.m. during an attempted carjacking in the Chatham neighborhood on the South Side .
A 19-year - old man was in the parked vehicle in the 7500 block of South St. Lawrence when three males got into the vehicle , then tried to take it , police said .
One of the males opened fire before the group ran away .
The man was shot in the left leg took himself to Jackson Park Hospital , where his condition was stabilized .

A bullet grazed the hip of a 16-year - old boy just after 9 p.m. in a Woodlawn neighborhood shooting on the South Side .
It happened in the 6100 block of South Cottage Grove , and he didn’t report the attack until Wednesday , police said .
He declined medical treatment .

About 5:30 p.m. , officers found a 23-year - old man with gunshot wounds to the hip and abdomen in the 6700 block of South Perry in the Greater Grand Crossing neighborhood on the South Side , police said .
He was taken in critical but “
stable ” condition to Stroger Hospital .

Just before 5 p.m. , someone shot a 21-year - old man in the forearm in the 3400 block of West Polk in another East Garfield Park attack .
He took himself to Saint Anthony Hospital in good condition , police said .

About 4:45 p.m. , a clerk wrestled a gun away from two men who men who tried to rob his Austin neighborhood store and then shot them inside the small business in the 5800 block of West Chicago , police said .
One of the alleged robbers , 34 , was shot in the torso and taken to Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood .
The other man , 35 , was shot in the upper leg and taken to Mount Sinai .
They were both listed in critical condition .

At 4:26 p.m. in the West Side Lawndale neighborhood , someone in a dark Chevrolet Cruze pulled alongside a 23-year - old man who was driving in the 2700 block of West Roosevelt and shot him in the forearm , police said .
He was in good condition at Saint Anthony .

Earlier Tuesday afternoon , a 32-year - old man was shot in the Englewood neighborhood on the South Side .
He was riding in a car about 12:50 p.m. in the 6900 block of South Wentworth when he suffered a gunshot wound to the shoulder , police said .
An acquaintance then drove him to 71st and Jefferey , where he called police .
The man was taken to a hospital in good condition .

About 12:30 p.m. , another 32-year - old man was driving in Chatham when he heard gunfire near the intersection of 79th Street and King Drive , and realized he’d been shot in the armpit .
His condition was stabilized at Northwestern Memorial Hospital , police said .

Tuesday ’s first shooting happened at 12:23 a.m. in Austin , where someone in a white vehicle shot a 15-year - old boy in the hand as he stood on a sidewalk in the 1700 block of North Lorel .
He was stabilized at Norwegian American Hospital , police said .

The violence followed a New Year ’s holiday weekend that saw at least 55 people shot across the city , including the boy shot on Lorel .