2017-01-23
Coroner IDs jewelry store worker accidentally killed in Henderson robbery attempt
Kimberlee Ann Kincaid - Hill was the motherly type , though her only “ child ” was a black schnauzer named Gretel .

She took care of her elderly mother and visited her daily , and she was always the first person to bring in treats and wish co - workers a happy birthday .

This was a very special human being , ” said Kincaid - Hill ’s friend Maria Ryder - Curry . “
She was just the nicest , kindest person you ever want to meet .
”

A security guard fatally shot Kincaid - Hill , 57 , by accident Saturday night during an armed robbery attempt at the Jared
The Galleria of Jewelry store where they both worked in Henderson .
The guard ’s round missed the robbery suspect and struck Kincaid - Hill in the chest .
She later died at Sunrise Hospital and Medical Center .

Officer Scott Williams , a Henderson police spokesman , said the unidentified robbery suspect entered the store and threatened Kincaid - Hill .
The security guard then challenged the man , determined there was a threat and fired the shot that missed the suspect and killed Kincaid - Hill .

The gunman ran from the scene empty - handed and was still at large Monday .

The shooting occurred just minutes before the store ’s 9 p.m. closing time .
Ryder - Curry , who lives nearby , said she saw the large police response but didn’t think much of it .
When she turned on the morning news the next day , she saw her friend ’s store had been the site of an attempted robbery and an employee had been killed .

The would - be robber will face murder charges because Kincaid - Hill was killed during the crime .
The security guard will not face charges in connection with the accidental shooting , Henderson police spokeswoman Michelle French said Sunday .

I just hope that this person that did this , if they have any decency and any love left in their heart , they turn themselves in , ”
Ryder - Curry said .

Jared posted a statement Sunday on Twitter about Kincaid - Hill : “ We are shocked and saddened to learn of the loss of our team member and extend our sympathies to her family , friends and colleagues . ”

Kincaid - Hill had been working at the store since September .

Michelle Zimkus stopped by the Jared , where she and her husband regularly shopped , to lay flowers Monday afternoon at a makeshift memorial .

Zimkus said Kincaid - Hill would remember her from prior visits and pick up conversations where they had left off .
Kincaid - Hill also remembered jewelry preferences and could help Zimkus’ husband choose items when he shopped alone .

It ’s devastating , ” Zimkus said , reflecting on Kincaid - Hill ’s death .
It ’s heartbreaking overall .
”

Anyone with information about the robbery can call the Henderson Police Department at 702 - 267 - 4911 or Crime Stoppers at 702 - 385 - 5555 to remain anonymous .

Saturday ’s incident is the second local jewelry store robbery in just over a week .
A man armed with a handgun made off with an undisclosed amount of jewelry on Jan. 13 from the MJ Christensen Diamond Centers at 8980 W. Charleston Blvd .
No one was injured .

This is the first homicide investigated by the Henderson Police Department in 2017 and the 14th homicide of the year in Clark County .

Contact Blake Apgar at bapgar@reviewjournal.com .
Follow @blakeapgar on Twitter .
Contact Rio Lacanlale at rlacanlale@reviewjournal.com or at 702 - 383 - 0381 .
Follow @riolacanlale on Twitter .