2017-02-22
Drug deal ends with 17-year - old shot in west Valley - CBS 5 - KPHO
You can clearly see a large hole in the driver 's side window .
( Source : 3TV/CBS 5 )
 The Maricopa County Sheriff ’s Office is investigating a shooting that started with a drug deal and ended with a teen in the hospital early Wednesday morning .

There was some initial confusion because of how the incident was first reported .

The Arizona Department of Public Safety said it started at about 1 a.m. with a call about a shooting on Interstate 10 in the area of Litchfield Road .
 “
However , it was later determined to be within Goodyear PD 's jurisdiction , ” the DPS Duty Office said in response to our inquiry .

According to MCSO Sgt .
Joaquin Enriquez , the 17-year - old victim said he was shot on I-10 .

“
The victim changed his mind several times and then the investigation was turned over to Goodyear PD on Litchfield and I-10 , ” Enriquez said .

MCSO took over the investigation after the victim “ changed his story and admitted he was in the area of [ Germann ] and Tuthill conducting a drug deal …. ”

That area is roughly 18 miles southwest of where the teen was when he reported the shooting .
That 's about a 25- to 30-minute drive .

According to Enriquez , the 17-year - old said that he was shot while driving away after “
the drug transaction was complete . ”

In video from the scene and a photo tweeted by the sergeant , you can clearly see a large hole in the driver 's side window of the victim 's car .

Enriquez said the victim was wounded by what appeared to be birdshot .
The teen suffered injuries to his face and torso , but those injuries are not life - threatening .

Although it comes in several sizes , Birdshot is generally the smallest pellets of shotgun ammunition .
The pellets are packed into a shotgun shell and scatter when the shell is fired .

" The more metal spheres , or pellets , that get packed into a shell the more the pellets will scatter around the target area , "
Rem870.com explains .

Enriquez said two young males suspects fled the scene in a vehicle , but he did not provide any other information .

It is not clear if the teen knew the suspects prior to Wednesday morning 's incident .
It 's also not clear what his role was in the drug deal that precipitated the shooting .

Scene currently at Litchfield and I-10 , Two suspects outstanding teen driver shot on driver side door .
His injuries are non life threatening pic.twitter.com/GY6e9GBa8d — @SgtJEnriquez ( @SgtJEnriquez ) February 22 , 2017

Copyright 2017 KPHO/KTVK ( KPHO Broadcasting Corporation ) .
All rights reserved .