2017-02-23
Fourth person arrested in teen 's fatal shooting in Lauderhill
A fourth person has been arrested in the fatal shooting of a 17-year - old during what police say was a drug deal gone bad in Lauderhill .

Police on Thursday announced that Randy Lamar Barnes , 28 , had been arrested in Key West in connection with the Jan. 28 death of Antonio Neeley in the parking lot of an apartment at 5401 NW 27th St.
 The others charged in Neeley ’s death are Marie Michelle Derival , 19 , Xavier D'Angelo Stroman , 20 , and Michael Edwards , 20 .

Antonio Neeley Lauderhill Police/Courtesy Antonio Neeley was shot and killed Saturday in Lauderhill .
Antonio Neeley was shot and killed Saturday in Lauderhill .
( Lauderhill Police/Courtesy )
( Lauderhill Police/Courtesy )

According to Derival ’s arrest report , witnesses saw a woman and two men fleeing the scene of the shooting in a gray Dodge Charger .

Investigators also spoke with a witness who accompanied Neeley on the day he was killed .
He told investigators Neeley was meeting a girl named Michelle to sell drugs to her .
The witness said he drove Neeley to the location the girl chose and she got into the car with them .

While Neeley was talking to the girl , a man wearing a hoodie came up from the side of one of the apartment buildings and started shooting at him , the report said .
Neeley fired back before he collapsed , and the girl who was in the car with them took off running , the report said .
The witness said he panicked and fled after the shooting .

Through text messages on Neeley ’s phone , investigators zeroed in on Derival , who then identified Stroman , Edwards and Barnes .

She told investigators Neeley had stolen from her in the past and she made a plan to “ scare ” and “ rob ” him .
She asked him to meet so she could buy marijuana and cocaine from him , the report said .
She admitted Edwards was the one who shot Neeley , the report said .

Derival , Stroman and Edwards remain in jail without bond .
Barnes will be extradited to Broward County .

rpiccardo@sun - sentinel.com , 954 - 356 - 4544 or Twitter
@rebecapiccardo
 ALSO
 Three charged with fatal shooting of boy , 17 , in Lauderhill