2017-02-15
Third child dies from a shooting in Chicago in just two days
Kanari Gentry - Bowers ' family was determined not to let her go .

As the 12-year - old lay unconscious for days in a hospital bed , a bullet wound to her spine , they read to her : notes from friends , a homemade Valentine 's Day card from a boy Kanari liked , a school banner her principal brought over that was dotted with the names of her sixth - grade classmates .

Their resolve only grew stronger after another young girl shot over the weekend , 11-year - old Takiya Holmes , died on Tuesday .

But in the end , all the notes and tears and prayers were n't enough .
Kanari succumbed to her injuries on Wednesday afternoon -- the third child to die from a shooting in Chicago in just two days .

While no one was in custody in Kanari 's shooting , authorities announced a break earlier Wednesday in the investigation into Takiya 's slaying .

Like so many other senseless shootings — including Kanari 's — the bullet that crashed into the right side of Takiya 's head found its target seemingly at random .
It had been fired from across a busy South Side boulevard by a young man wielding a handgun with an extended magazine .
Antwan Jones , 19 , was trying to hit three rivals for allegedly infringing on his drug turf , according to Cook County prosecutors .

As the judge was ordering Jones held without bond in a packed courtroom at the Leighton Criminal Court Building , less than three miles away relatives were remembering the short life of Lavontay White Jr. , a 2-year - old boy fatally shot Tuesday afternoon when the car he was riding in was ambushed in what police called a gang - related attack .

The boy 's aunt , Sheneka Hill , described Lavontay as " full of life " and friendly , a young boy who enjoyed chicken and juice .
Like many toddlers , she said , there " would n't be a day when he was n't running around playing with his cars . "

Hill said she believes the gunman was targeting her brother , Lazarec Collins , who was also killed .

" My nephew was in the wrong place at the wrong time , " she said .

Family of Kanari Bowers asks Chicagoan 's to end gun violence The family of Kanari Gentry - Bowers asks for justice and an end to gun violence after announcing the death of the 12-year - old at Stroger Hospital on Feb. 15 , 2017 .
( Alyssa Pointer/Chicago Tribune )
The family of Kanari Gentry - Bowers asks for justice and an end to gun violence after announcing the death of the 12-year - old at Stroger Hospital on Feb. 15 , 2017 .
( Alyssa Pointer/Chicago Tribune )
See more videos
 ' Enough is enough '

In a city already reeling from a more - than - yearlong surge in bloodshed , the sudden loss of three innocent children to gun violence left many stunned , angry and searching for answers .

At a news conference Wednesday morning at police headquarters to announce charges in Takiya 's killing , Superintendent Eddie Johnson raised familiar themes of wanting tougher gun laws to keep repeat offenders off the streets .
But it was clear that Johnson spoke with more emotion because of the spate of innocent young victims , saying , " Enough is enough . "

The superintendent , noting he had raised three kids of his own , thumped the lectern with his fist at one point in apparent frustration over the criminal justice system 's failure to hold shooters accountable .

" While no arrest or jail sentence will ever bring back the lives or the sounds of laughter of these children , we owe it to them to help save the lives of others and pass this legislation , " he said .
" How many children do we need to lose before the promises made by certain legislators are kept ?
How many ?
"
 Jones ' arrest on charges of killing an 11-year - old girl drew the ire of another inmate who punched him two or three times while both were in a holding cell in the courthouse , said Cara Smith , chief policy officer for Sheriff Tom Dart .
Smith did n't know if the other inmate , also being held on a murder charge , would be disciplined over the incident .

Speaking to reporters after Jones ' bond hearing , community activist Andrew Holmes , who is a cousin of Takiya , said bringing her alleged killer to justice does n't bring the family any comfort .

" There 's a hole there , " said Holmes , who several years ago lost a daughter to random gun violence in Indianapolis .
" That voice is not there .
That smile is not there .
Her dancing is not there .
... As safe as you can keep your children close to your side , just that fast their life can be taken . "

Late Wednesday , Kanari 's family issued a short statement thanking supporters for their thoughts and prayers over the past few days .

" Please keep your children close and do whatever it takes to protect them from the senseless gun violence in our city , " the family said .

Recent shootings illustrate how quickly innocent children can become victims in some of the city 's most gang - infested neighborhoods .

Crucial surveillance video

In court Wednesday , Jones , dressed in a maroon jacket with a faux fur - lined hood , kept his head bowed and his hands clasped behind his back as he listened to prosecutors detail the first - degree murder charges against him .

Assistant State 's Attorney Jamie Santini said Jones and several fellow Black Disciples street gang members had walked through the Parkway Gardens complex to confront three people who they believed were selling marijuana in their territory near 65th Street and South King Drive .

When his group neared King Drive , Jones pulled out a semi - automatic handgun with an extended magazine and fired it multiple times across the busy , four - lane roadway , where the three targets were standing , Santini said .
Police recovered 12 shell casings there .

At the time , Takiya 's family had just pulled up in the minivan and was parked across from the TailoRite Cleaners just south of 65th .
One of the bullets entered the rear passenger window of the minivan and struck Takiya in the right temple as she sat next to her 3-year - old brother , Santini said .

" The van could n't have been there more than a minute and this stray bullet strikes her , causing her death , " Chicago police Cmdr .
Brendan Deenihan said at the Wednesday morning news conference .

Police obtained surveillance video from several buildings that showed Jones as he opened fire , the prosecutor said .

Takiya was rushed to Comer Children 's Hospital a mile and a half to the north , but by Tuesday morning , she died in her mother 's arms after she was taken off life support .

Deenihan said the surveillance video was crucial to the swift arrest in the case .
Gang investigators helped detectives identify witnesses who cooperated with authorities and identified Jones as the gunman , said Deenihan .
Jones surrendered to police but did not make a statement , instead requesting an attorney , Deenihan said..
 Deenihan also noted that Jones had not even come close to hitting any of his intended targets , who were n't even in the parking lot where Takiya sat in the minivan .

" I do n't know if people think this is TV. …These are handguns , and the bullets start flying , they go everywhere , " the commander said .
" This is not a very accurate weapon . "