2017-03-31
UPDATE : CPD charges teenager in second shooting - WRCBtv.com | Chattanooga News , Weather & Sports
UPDATE : Chattanooga police say the teenager charged in a deadly shooting on Clio Avenue last week has also been charged in a shooting on W. 38th Street .

Police say the same 16-year - old , accused of murdering a 16-year - old girl and the attempted murder of a 20-year - old man in the 3500 block of Clio Avenue on March 30 , is facing more charges for a shooting that happened the next day in the 600 block of W. 38th Street .

The teen is charged with attempted murder and aggravated assault from the March 31st incident .

Police are not releasing the suspect 's name because he is a juvenile .

Stay with WRCBtv.com for updates to this story .

Chattanooga police have arrested a 16-year old juvenile in a shooting that has left a man in critical condition .

Officers say , Friday night with the assistance of the U.S. Marshals Service they were able to identify and locate the suspect in the shooting on West 38th Street .

Police were able to locate him at a residence on 3500 block of Clio Avenue , where the suspect temporarily barricaded himself , refusing to come out .
Chattanooga SWAT and Hostage Negotiation
Teams were arriving on scene when the suspect made the decision to surrender to police .

The juvenile suspect has been charged with attempted murder , aggravated assault , unlawful possession of a weapon .
Police are not releasing the suspect 's name due to his status as a minor .
Police also believe that the shooting started due to an ongoing disagreement between the suspect and victim and that the shooting is gang related .

" We believe this teenager is responsible for the cold and calculated attempted murder of David Green Friday afternoon .
Major Crimes Investigators were able to develop credible leads throughout the day .
This information led CPD 's Fugitive and Street Crimes Units to the suspect 's location late Friday night .
We are relieved a suspect was taken into custody without incident and is charged in this shooting .
As always , the safety and well - being of our community members is CPD 's first priority . "
- said CPD 's Chief of Investigations Edwin McPherson .

Chattanooga police are searching for the person that is connected to an afternoon shooting on Alton Park Boulevard .

A man who was shot is in listed in serious condition
 A CPD spokesperson confirms the victim 's car crashed into a pole in front of the Alton Park Church of God .

The victim was transported to a local hospital .

Officers are working to confirm whether the victim crashed before or after the shooting .

No suspect information has been released .

The Chattanooga Police Department is investigating a person shot call on the 3800 block of Alton Park Blvd .

The shooting is believed to have happened near the Alton Park Church of Christ .

The suspect may still be at large .

Channel 3 has a crew at the scene .
Stick with us for the latest developments .