2017-01-03
Deputy fatally shot teen during DuPage County domestic call
A DuPage County sheriff 's deputy fatally shot a teenage boy after responding to a domestic violence call early Monday in unincorporated suburban Villa Park .
Just after midnight , the first deputy to arrive at the townhouse near Standish Lane and Ardmore Avenue got into an altercation with 17-year - old Trevon Johnson , prompting the deputy to open fire , according to a statement from the sheriff 's office .
Johnson 's family said the teenager and his siblings were squabbling , but had stopped before the sheriff 's deputy entered the home .
Police released a 911 call made just before deputies responded .
The caller can be heard telling the operator Johnson had a butter knife , but no longer has it during the call .
Johnson was taken to Elmhurst Hospital , where he died .
Family said Johnson was a student who had a job and regularly worshipped at his uncle 's church."This 17-year - old is the victim , make no mistake about it .
He should not have been shot and killed in his home , " said Larry Rogers Jr. , the Johnson family 's attorney .
In response to the claims made by the DuPage County sheriff 's office , Rogers Jr. released a statement on behalf of the Johnson family."Our preliminary investigation suggests that this is an unjustified shooting of a 17-year - old kid who was at home celebrating the holidays with his family .
He was not mentally handicapped .
He was unarmed and was not in an altercation with the officer or anyone else when he was shot .
He was doing as he was told when the officer opened fire .
This shooting is completely unjustified and this officer should be held accountable for his actions."The incident is the first deadly shooting by a deputy there in over 20 years."We have a person who was unarmed , and now he 's dead , so I 'm going to let you be the judge of that , " said Rev. Alfonzo Singletary , the boy 's uncle .
Police are withholding the name of the deputy who shot Johnson .
Johnson died of multiple gunshot wounds , according to the DuPage County coroner .
His death has been ruled a homicide .
Illinois State Police are investigating .