2017-03-15
16-Year - Old Girl Killed In East Bay Officer - Involved Shooting Identified
HAYWARD ( CBS SF ) —
Police in Hayward confirmed Wednesday afternoon that the person killed in the officer - involved shooting during a police chase that ended near CSU East Bay Tuesday was a 16-year - old girl who lived in Antioch .

The victim has been identified as 16-year - old Ebbie Mondragon .
Her cousin says Mondragon had recently confided in her that she was pregnant .

She was a passenger in the car Fremont police officers chased to an apartment complex in Hayward early Tuesday evening .

Family and friends gathered Wednesday night for an impromptu vigil at Knoll Park in Antioch .

Hayward police said that at 5:20 p.m. on Tuesday Fremont police detectives who were in Hayward located a vehicle that had been reported stolen and was wanted in connection with multiple armed robberies in Fremont and throughout the Bay Area .

According to police , the detectives attempted to stop the vehicle at the City View apartment complex at 25200 Carlos Bee Blvd .
, near the California State University , East Bay campus .
As they approached and contacted the suspects inside the vehicle , the driver suddenly drove into the detective ’s police vehicles , injuring two Fremont police detectives .
 “
When they go to contact the vehicle the driver , the vehicle takes off , rams the detectives vehicle , ” said Hayward Police Sgt .
Ryan Cantrell .
The detectives return fire , trying to strike the driver of the vehicle .
”

But the bullets struck the 16-year - old girl .

The vehicle continued to drive out of the apartment complex , but eventually crashed near the intersection of Campus Drive and Oakes Drive , police said .

One male suspect allegedly fled the vehicle on foot and remains at large .
He is described as a black man , heavy build , 5 feet 10 inches tall , with short hair , police said .

Another male and a second female occupant of the vehicle , identified as Mondragon ’s cousin , Airieanna Cabrera , were taken into custody near the scene without further incident .

The 16-year - old girl who was struck by gunfire was treated by the Hayward Fire Department at the scene and then transported to a trauma center , where she died of her injuries , police said .

It was a bit of a priority to put them under arrest , ” said Cantrell .
What unfolded in the aftermath of trying to detain them was a tragic incident .
But it ’s one of the risks when you try to arrest high risk suspects .
Those things can happen .
”

Police did not confirm whether Mondragon was involved in any of the armed robberies that were being investigated .

Cabrera attended the vigil and told reporters what happened inside the vehicle .

I just heard gunshots .
And I didn’t really think anybody got hit in the car until my cousin grabbed her left side … and she started screaming …
She said , ‘
I can’t …
I can’t take it .
I can’t take it.’
And then her head just likem , falls , ” Cabrera said .

Miguel Minjares is Mondragon ’s uncle and said , “
The idea that someone we love … and is part of our family … still is a part of our family … she just won’t be here no more . ”

Family members say Ebbie was caught in the wrong place at the wrong time .
And they don’t think she should have been shot .
They questioned why police shot at the car if it was being driven away from them and no longer a threat to their safety .

The two Fremont police detectives who were injured were treated and released from a local hospital .

University officials issued a shelter in place for the nearby student housing complex University Village , located at 25400 Carlos Bee Blvd . , but it was later lifted .
Classes at the University weren’t affected and people on the campus weren’t at risk , university officials said .

Hayward police said they’re still investigating the incident and the Alameda County District Attorney ’s Office is also conducting an investigation .

Hayward police said anyone with information about the incident should call Det .
Steve Riley at ( 510 ) 293 - 7034 or email HaywardPDTips@hayward - ca.gov .

TM and ©
Copyright 2017 CBS Radio Inc. and its relevant subsidiaries .
CBS RADIO and EYE Logo
TM and Copyright 2017 CBS Broadcasting Inc. Used under license .
All Rights Reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .
Bay City News Service contributed to this report .