2017-03-03
2 suspected gang members charged with murder in ' satanic ' slaying of teen girl
HOUSTON - Two men who are charged with murder in the death of a girl whose body was found lying in a southwest Houston road on Feb. 16 .
appeared in court Wednesday night .

Police believe Miguel Angel Alvarez - Flores , 22 , and Diego Alexander Hernandez - Rivera , 18 , are MS 13 gang members from El Salvador .

Prosecutors said in court that a 14-year - old witness told investigators she was kidnapped , held against her will for several days at an apartment on Glenmont Road , and repeatedly sexually assaulted by members of the gang after she ran away from school one day .

RAW VIDEO : Men accused in ' satanic ' slaying of teen girl appear in court

According to prosecutors , the girl said that after four days she was given to a man named Flaco who moved her to another apartment where six other MS 13 gang members lived .
The witness said she was forced to drink alcohol and take drugs while the gang members raped her .

The girl told investigators that at one point , the leader of the gang , Diabilco , held her down and tattooed the image of the grim reaper on her body from her knee down to her foot , prosecutors said .
It was found that Diabilco is Alvarez - Flores , according to prosecutors .

The girl said that during her captivity , she met another girl at the apartment who was called Genesis , prosecutors said .
She told investigators that one night Genesis made an outburst against a shrine dedicated to the gang members ' satanic beliefs that offended Alvarez - Flores .
In reaction to the outburst , he gave an offering of a lit cigarette to the satanic statue , prosecutors said , but then told the group that the beast did not want a material offering but wanted a soul .

The 14-year - old said the next day she woke up and Genesis was gone , according to prosecutors .

The witness told detectives she believes that the body found on Feb. 16 is Genesis , the girl she met at the apartment .

In a statement to police , Hernandez - Rivera , stated that Alvarez - Flores told him in Spanish , " Prepare yourself , it is your turn . "
He said it was an order to kill the girl , prosecutors said .

Hernandez - Rivera said they left the apartment and drove to the murder scene , according to prosecutors .

Initially , police said they were trying to determine if the girl was killed at another location and her body was dumped at the scene .

"
The signs that I 'm looking at would appear that she was killed somewhere else , brought here and then dumped , " said Fil Waters , of HPD Homicide .
" It looks like it was just rolled up , opened the door , rolled her out and left . "

Later , witnesses reported hearing gunshots in the area where the girl was found .

Prosecutors said Hernandez - Rivera stated he and Alvarez - Flores got out of the vehicle and sat the girl in the grass on the side of the road .

Hernandez - Rivera told investigators that Alvarez - Flores pulled out a pistol and waved it , signaling that it was " time to take action " and for him to grab the gun .
Hernandez - Rivera grabbed the pistol from Alvarez - Flores ' hand , turned toward the victim and shot her in the head , prosecutors said .

The two men were walking back to the vehicle when Alvarez - Flores fired one more shot at close range into the victim 's chest , prosecutors said .

The victim 's body , clothed in a shirt , jeans and tennis shoes , was found about 7:35 a.m. near the intersection of Sharpcrest Street and Sam Houston Parkway South .
Houston police said a man who was taking his kids to school found the body .

Sky 2 over scene

In a court appearance Thursday morning prosecutors said Alvarez - Flores gave a statement to police admitting that he was the leader of the MS 13 gang and he was acting on orders from someone else to kill Genesis .
 “
I’m always cautious to call a statement a confession because until I see it with my own eyes and see how it was obtained , it could just be a statement about what he saw or what he heard .
” Emily Detoto , attorney for Hernandez - Rivera said .
“
Even if it was a confession , if it wasn’t constitutionally obtained , then it probably wouldn’t be admissible anyway .
”

Attorney Emily Detoto briefs media on satanic killing case
 Hernandez - Rivera and Alvarez - Flores are both charged with aggravated kidnapping and murder and are being held on $ 150,000 bond for each charge .
Both men have immigration holds , prosecutors said .

“ There would be a multi - layer process for them to be able to walk about on the streets of our county , ”
prosecutor Lisa Collins said .

Prosecutor Lisa Collins speaks on satanic killing case
 The identity of the victim known as Genesis is pending verification by the Harris County Institute of Forensic Services .

Download the Click2Houston news app in your app store to stay up - to - date with the latest news while you 're on the go .

Sign up for KPRC 2 newsletters to get breaking news , sports , entertainment , contests and more delivered straight to your email inbox .

Copyright 2017 by
KPRC Click2Houston - All rights reserved .