2017-02-21
Cache County girl found in canal was shot in head , police say
LOGAN —
A 14-year - old Amalga girl found in a dry canal last week after failing to come home from school had been shot in the head , investigators announced Tuesday .

Additionally , two 16-year - old boys were charged Tuesday with attempted aggravated murder .
The Cache County Attorney 's Office says it will seek to have the boys certified to face the charges as adults .

Police believe the boys plotted to kill Deserae Turner , lured her to the canal under the guise of buying a knife , and then shot her once in the back of the head at close range .

" Police were advised that the original plan was to murder ( Deserae ) using knives , " charging documents state .

One of the boys kept the shell casing as a " memento " and displayed it on his bedroom window sill , the charges state .

" I haven’t seen anything like this case in the 18 years that I’ve worked for Cache County , " Cache County Attorney James Swink said .

A spokeswoman for Deserae 's family said the girl remained in a medically induced coma at Primary Children 's Hospital in the " fight of her life right now . "

" We know that our Father in heaven is watching over her , that all of us have been touched by her .
We know that he hears and answers prayers , and we can see his hand at work as Deserae continues to make progress , ” Jill Parker said , reading a prepared statement from the girl 's family .

The search for Deserae , who is from the small town of Amalga , began Thursday evening .
The ninth - grader who attends North Cache
8 - 9 Center in Richmond had been texting her family on and off throughout the day and was expected to be home by 4 p.m. that day , according to police .
She typically takes a bus to Sky View High School , where she takes a second bus to get home .

When she failed to arrive , Deserae was reported as overdue and missing to police about 6:30 p.m.
She was found hours later about 12:45 a.m. Friday in a dry canal east of Sky View High School by two family friends who were out looking for her .

Deserae was taken to a local hospital , where doctors determined she was " gravely injured , " said Smithfield Police Chief Travis Allen .
She was then flown to Primary Children 's Hospital for additional treatment .
 "
Further medical evaluation revealed that Deserae had suffered a gunshot wound to the head , " Allen said .
Investigators had not publicly shared that information until Tuesday .

Metal fragments that were determined to be the remnants of a small - caliber bullet were found lodged near the front , right side of Deserae 's brain , the charges state .

After it was revealed that she had been shot , police say more than 500 man - hours of serving search warrants and interviewing Deserae 's friends and acquaintances took place over the weekend .
Police looked for everyone she may have had contact with on that day .

Two 16-year - old boys soon became " significant people of interest , " Allen said .

Detectives later recovered the handgun believed to have been used in the shooting , as well as several of Deserae 's personal items , including her cellphone .

The two boys are charged in 1st District Juvenile Court with attempted aggravated murder , a first - degree felony ; aggravated robbery , a first - degree felony ; and four counts of obstruction of justice , a second - degree felony .
The teens have no significant criminal history , according to court officials .
The Deseret News has decided not to name the boys at this time .

Citing an " active investigation , " Allen declined to reveal more information about the boys or a possible motive for the shooting .

But according to charging documents , when the two boys were questioned about Deserae 's whereabouts before she was found , one boy claimed he had n't seen her in about a month .
The other said he had n't seen her all day .
But records collected from one of the boy 's phones showed he had been in contact with Deserae prior to her disappearance , the charges state .

One boy eventually told police they took Deserae 's cellphone , backpack , iPod and cash because of " greed , " the charges state .
The boy said he put the $ 55 they stole from Deserae under the mattress of his bed and destroyed or threw away the other items , police say .
That boy then said he put the .22-caliber revolver that he had taken from underneath his brother 's mattress back where he found it and replaced the unspent shells , according to charging documents .

That boy also " provided a written apology to ( Deserae 's ) family in which he stated , ' I 'm so so so sorry , ' the charges state .

The other boy — the one that allegedly kept the spent casing used to shoot Deserae as a memento — changed his story multiple times when interviewed by police , the charges state .

Allen also did not say whether detectives believe Deserae was shot in the canal where she was found or if she was assaulted at another location and dumped there .

Police previously said the canal is next to a high - traffic area popular with joggers and people who walk their dogs , and the area had been searched Thursday night .

The boys do not face any kidnapping charges .
Their first court appearance is scheduled for Wednesday morning .

" We have a 14-year - old girl fighting for her life , and we’re going to do everything we can to find all evidence associated with this case , " Allen said .
" This has shaken up our citizens and our community .

" We know the Turner family has a long road ahead of them , and we wish them all the best .
”

A GoFundMe account has been set up to help with Deserae 's medical expenses .
Additionally , a Deserae Turner Charity Fund has been set up at America First Credit Union .

Crisis counselors were at several schools in Cache County on Tuesday to help students and teachers who needed additional support .