2017-03-22
Phoenix police : 9-year - old shot by 2-year - old sibling dies , parents arrested
PHOENIX - Phoenix police say a mother arrested after her 2-year - old son picked up her loaded hangun and shot his 9-year - old brother told investigators she previously allowed the toddler to practice pulling the trigger of the gun when it was unloaded .

The brief police statement about what 28-year - old Wendy Lavarnia reportedly said Monday about her 2-year - old son previously handling the gun is included in a probable cause statement filed with court officials for her initial court appearance .

According to Phoenix Fire Department Capt .
Reda Bigler , the 9-year - old boy was shot in the head just before 3 p.m. near 35th Avenue and Cactus Road .

A Phoenix Police Department spokesman said the child was taken to the hospital in extremely critical condition .
Tuesday evening police said the child , identified as Landen Lavarnia , had died from his injuries .

TRENDING STORIES :

-9-year - old boy shot by sibling in Phoenix
 -PHOTOS : 75 MCSO mug shots of the week

-Fake AZ doctor arrested , charged with 29 crimes
 Police say there were three other children in the home at the time with their mother .

Lavarnia 's mother told officials that she placed the loaded gun on the bed near her 2-year - old and 4-year - old sons , and went to retrieve a holster .
When she returned , she saw that her 2-year - old child was holding the gun and the 9-year - old victim had been shot .
Lavarnia 's 1-year - old daughter was also in the home at the time of the shooting .

A man who pulled up to the scene asking police officers " What happened to my kid ? " was placed in handcuffs .
Officials on the scene confirmed the man is the child 's father , and later identified him as 31-year - old Kansas Lavarnia .

# BREAKING man who said " what happened to my kid " placed into handcuffs at shooting scene by @phoenixpolice @abc15 pic.twitter.com/TvFLp340hu — Joe Bartels ( @Joe_Bartels ) March 21 , 2017
 Authorities said the incident remains under investigation .

Wendy was booked into jail on four counts of child abuse for endangering her children with the loaded gun .
Kansas was booked into jail on one count of being a prohibited possessor of a gun in the home .

Police spokesman Sgt .
Vince Lewis said investigators were looking into additional charges against the parents .

Stay with ABC15 , abc15.com and ABC15 Mobile for updates .