2017-01-31
Family of teen shooting victim pleads for killer to come forward
INDIANAPOLIS ( WTHR ) -
The family of a 14-year - old boy fatally shot outside a west Indianapolis restaurant is devastated by their loss , but confident his killer will be caught and punished .

The family of Anthony Hughes posted his photo on some of their social media pages in his memory .
Someone shot the teenager Monday night outside the Popeye 's restaurant in the 3000 block of W. 16th Street .

Hughes ' aunt hopes his killer owns up to it .

" Do n't hide .
Do n't hide , do n't be a coward .
It 's okay .
You did it , " said Jaquece Hughes .
" Do your time .
You can handle it .
You are a big boy , big girl , whoever did this to my nephew . "

Metro police officers , including Ofc .
Melissa Lemrick , were blocks away and rushed to the scene to render first aid .
Lemrick worked on Hughes until paramedics arrived , not even realizing her victim was so young .

" I found out once we went to the hospital .
I was expecting us to go to Eskenazi , then we diverted and went to Riley because of his age .
I was very shocked and saddened , " she said .

Lemrick has always wanted to be a police officer .
She works the middle shift in the Southwest District under Commander Michael Spears .
She and Spears were all part of a huge news conference in the district Tuesday .

Community leaders and the top brass from IMPD , including new Chief Bryan Roach , held a " call to action " news conference near the shooting scene .
They , too , want the community 's help resolving the case that left a 14-year - old dead and his killer still on the street .

" This is extremely sad and our hearts go out to the family of Anthony Hughes , " Roach said .
" All cases are important to us , but this is one that really drives you and I think our investigators feel that and I think we will have a resolution . "

Once there is a resolution to what led to the shooting , the investigation could also reveal why the shooter targeted Anthony Hughes .

It ’s a resolution ca n't come soon enough as the boy 's family hopes other teens learn from this tragedy .

" So I hope people learn and take something from it .
Instead of investing so much time into violence , invest time into something positive , " Jaquece Hughes said .

His aunt also revealed that the 14-year - old had also learned that he had a baby on the way and had planned on being active in the child 's life .

If you have any information that could help in this case , call Crime Stoppers at 317 - 262-TIPS. Your anonymous clue could earn you a $ 1,000 cash reward if it leads to an arrest .