2017-03-27
Suspect jailed in Sanford shooting that killed girlfriend , injured 5 others
SANFORD —
A shooting spree that ended with a woman dead and five others injured began with an argument over keys .

It was just after 3:30 a.m. Monday , and Latina Herring and her boyfriend , Allen Dion Cashe , were quarreling on the front lawn of the Hays Drive home where she lived with her father and two young sons .
Cashe , who has a long criminal history , had the keys to the house and would not give them back , she told police .

Police showed up but said they had no reason to arrest Cashe .

About 6:20 a.m. , Herring , 35 , was shot and killed , and her sons , 7 and 8 , were critically hurt .
Her father , Bertis Gerard Herring Jr. , 60 , was outside , injured and yelling for help .

Police said that as Cashe , 31 , ran through the neighborhood , he shot two others : Winter Springs High School student Rakeya Jackson , 18 , who was waiting for her bus , and Lazaro Paredesquelite , 43 , who was near a baseball field .

“ There is no way for us to predict what is going to take place , ” Sanford Police Chief Cecil Smith said .
“ We did everything we believe is possible .
”

Bertis Herring survived but was in critical condition late Monday .
Jackson and Paredesquelite were in stable condition .

Neighbor Arlene Bush said she heard about a dozen gunshots , with a pause between each , and ran outside to see Bertis Herring on the ground .

“ When I looked at that man , I did n't know if he was going to make it , ” she said .

Dominique Smith , 17 , was waiting for a school bus near Hartwell Avenue with three classmates when she noticed Cashe , dressed in all black , and realized he had a gun .
He started running , and everyone scattered , she said .

Dominique later stood on Hays Drive with her mom , watching the police investigate .

“
I seen all this , ” she said .
“
I do n't even feel safe right now .
”

Allen Dion Cashe- Or Seminole County Sheriff 's Office
/ Courtesy photo Allen Dion Cashe- Original Credit : Seminole County Sheriff 's Office- Original Source : Seminole County Sheriff 's Office Allen Dion Cashe- Original Credit : Seminole County Sheriff 's Office- Original Source : Seminole County Sheriff 's Office ( Seminole County Sheriff 's Office / Courtesy photo )

Cashe was arrested within 10 minutes , after a Sanford police officer spotted him and followed him to Seminole Garden Apartments .
He had an AK-47 rifle on him , police said .
They haven’t disclosed what kind of gun was used to kill Latina Herring .

Cashe has a violent arrest history , much of it directed at women , according to Seminole County court records , and he is currently on probation .

In 2013 he bashed in the windows of his girlfriend ’s car with a baseball bat .
A few months earlier , a UPS man called 911 when he saw Cashe on top of a different girlfriend , pummeling her with his fists .

In 2010 , he pointed a gun at a relative and the woman he was with and said , “
If I wasn’t on county GPS , I would pull the trigger and kill both of you , ” according to an arrest report .

Prosecutors dropped charges in each of those cases .

But in 2012 , a Seminole County jury convicted him of punching a different girlfriend in the face several times in the Casselberry home they shared , and he wound up serving five months in jail .

He also has been convicted on drug and gun charges .

Four people — not including Latina Herring — petitioned for domestic - violence injunctions against Cashe in the past 12 years .
A judge granted one request in 2005 .

Jeanne Gold , CEO of SafeHouse of Seminole , which has an emergency shelter for domestic - violence victims , said the shooting was a sad situation .

She said she doesn’t know all the facts , but these situations typically have a perpetrator who needs “ power and control ” over the victim .
The person can resort to violence if that power and control are lost , she said .

“ Why else would you give violence and pain to someone you love or profess to love ? ” she said .
“ When you lose control , who [ knows ] what he is capable of ?
”
 Latina Herring and Cashe began arguing about the keys about 3:20 a.m. at a Wawa gas station , and the fight continued at Herring ’s home but never got physical , police said .
A caller whom Herring identified as her ex - boyfriend called 911 to report that Herring had been battered and Cashe had a gun , according to an arrest report .

When the police showed up , they searched Cashe and his car but didn’t find any weapons .
The keys were found on a nightstand in Herring ’s bedroom .

Cashe told officers he just wanted to get his belongings , and Herring came out with a book bag she said was his .
But Cashe wouldn’t take it .
After he left , police found a loaded Glock .22-caliber handgun , two loaded magazines for the Glock , five empty boxes of .40-caliber ammunition , a loaded rifle magazine and a loaded drum magazine , the report states .

As a convicted felon , Cashe can not legally possess a gun , but officers had no cause to arrest him because they couldn’t know whether the weapon really belonged to him , the Sanford police chief said .

The shooting left neighborhood residents and community members shaken .

Gwen McKinney said she worked with Herring at a Popeyes Louisiana Kitchen and described her as a strong , hardworking mom .

Herring loved her boys more than anything and always worked hard for them , she said .
She had been living in the house on Hays Drive with her father since her mother ’s death about a year ago , McKinney said .

The boys’ paternal grandfather , Theodore Jones , said he is praying for them .

" They ai n't got their mother , but they have their granddaddy and daddy and God on their side , " he said , tears welling up in his eyes as he spoke outside Arnold Palmer Hospital for Children , where his grandsons were in critical condition . "
…They [ are ] strong .
They are going to fight . "

Rene Stutzman and David Harris of the Sentinel staff contributed to this report .
sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407 - 420 - 5417