2017-03-10
Woman , 10-year - old and 6-year - old boys killed in Gentilly shooting
Photo courtesy of neighbors ( Photo : Photo courtesy of neighbors )
 NEW ORLEANS –
A police dispatcher took to the air before dawn Friday with a report of a shooting on a quiet street in Gentilly .

When officers arrived at the home in the 4200 block of Touro Street just after 4 a.m. , they found what Superintendent Michael Harrison described as a “ horrific ” scene .

Dead inside from gunshot wounds were Monique Smith , 30 ; Justin Simms , 10 ; and JuMyrin Smith , 6 .

The fourth victim , 12-year - old A'Miya Smith , remained in the hospital Friday afternoon , a relative told The New Orleans Advocate .
Police earlier said she was in serious condition .

Monique Smith listed Justin Simms and JuMyrin Smith as her sons and A'Miya as her daughter on her Facebook page .

" She was a hardworking young mom , and when she got with her family and friends she liked to have a good time , " Chrisey Smith , Monique Smith 's cousin , told The Advocate .
" She loved all her children -- her children were everything to her .
She worked and spent time with her kids , that was it . "

Officials at Samuel J. Green School , where the children were enrolled , described them as idea students .
 "
This is horrific , " Harrison told reporters gathered at the scene .
" This is horrible .
It breaks everybody 's heart .
Every murder breaks a heart .
”
 MORE : ' Horrific scene ' as 3 found dead , 1 survivor in Gentilly home attack
 Police have not yet released a motive or suspect in the case .
 "
To find that children were involved …
we 're working to get the answers to all of that , but what we can say , it really rattles everybody , " a shaken Harrison said .
" That 's why you see us all out here . "

Sources told Eyewitness News that all three victims who died had gunshot wounds to their heads and were found in bedrooms .

The 6-year - old victim was shot in the face , sources said .

Monique Smith worked at Ted ’s Frostop Diner on South Claiborne Avenue and Calhoun Street .

A handwritten sign on the door read : " Closed due to family emergency . "

The Uptown burger joint shut down at 10:30 a.m. after employees heard about her killing .

The owner said he couldn’t handle being open today after the news .

People who worked with Smith , who was the head cook for four years , said she was beloved at the diner and loved her work and her children .

A spokeswoman for Samuel J. Green Charter School said they each began attending the Uptown school in kindergarten .

Justin was in fifth grade , and A’Miya was in seventh grade .
Both were expected to receive perfect - attendance awards Friday during a school assembly .
A'Miya was also to receive an award for self - determination .
 "
Green School Director Ava Lee noted their absence at school today was odd , especially since they were receving awards for perfect attendance , " a statement from the school read .

Another award for A'Miya was for exemplifying the school 's values .

" It doesn’t matter how many times she is asked to do , redo or revise “ MYA ” is willing to work , work , work , work !
( sing the Rhianna song for this part ) .
We are so lucky to have such a gracious model of PRIDE IN THE STRUGGLE. One day , the struggle will pay off , " the citation read .

After the award ceremony , though , grief counselors were being lined up to talk to faculty and students trying to cope with the sudden loss .

WWL - TV reporters Lauren Bale , Meg Farris , Caresse Jackman and Karen Swensen contributed to this report .

© 2017 WWL - TV