2017-01-13
Shooting of man determined accidental
Username : 1
 The arrest records available in the police blotter are public information .
Any indication [ auth ] of an arrest on a charge and/or multiple charges does not mean the individual identified has been convicted of a crime .
All persons arrested are innocent until proven guilty in a court of law .
If a charge has been dropped and you wish to have a retraction published in the newspaper , please submit written documentation from a court or law enforcement agency showing that the charge was dropped .
Also , amounts of controlled substances published in the police blotters may include the weight of the containers .
Please visit the Roswell Police Department ’s website at rpdp2c.org/ before calling the newspaper .

Accidental shooting

At about 11:51 p.m. Thursday , a Roswell police officer was called to Eastern New Mexico Medical Center on West Country Club Road regarding a shooting .
According to the incident report , the injury of a 24-year - old man by a handgun was determined to be accidental .

Burglary , non - forced
 Roswell police officers were called to the 3100 block of North Washington Avenue at 10:36 a.m. Thursday to respond to a report of a burglary .
According to the report , a purse worth at least $ 30 , a driver ’s license , four credit cards worth at least $ 20 and two checkbooks worth at least $ 5 were taken from a vehicle sometime after 8:30 a.m. Thursday .

Graffiti
 A Roswell police officer investigated a report of damage in the 800 block of North Atkinson Avenue at about 8:34 a.m. Thursday .
The incident report indicates that graffiti was found on a white plastic fence .

Larceny
 At about 6:45 a.m. Friday , Roswell police officers were called to the 700 block of North Heights Drive regarding the theft of items .
According to the incident report , eight or more golf clubs and a golf bag were reported stolen .
The estimated value of the items is at least $ 850 .

Vehicle burglary

At 12:05 p.m. Thursday , Roswell police officers responded to the 4500 block of North Main Street in response to a report of a vehicle burglary .
The incident report states that a purse worth at least $ 300 , silver jewelry worth at least $ 70 , a ring worth at least $ 130 and a Social Security card were taken from a vehicle sometime after 10:30 a.m. Thursday .

Related Posts

About the Author : - RDR
 « Gina Renee Gonzales Local Briefs »