2017-04-12
‘ They just kids .
This is crazy’ : 2 boys shot on spring break among 3 wounded in Old Town
Two 12-year - old boys on spring break and a man in his 60s were shot in the Old Town neighborhood on the Near North Side , among at least 13 people shot in Chicago since Tuesday morning , according to police .

The three were in the 1400 block of North Sedgwick Street near a corner store when shots were fired from a passing car around 2:41 p.m. , police said .

The boys were taken to Lurie Children 's Hospital , one with a wound to the chest and the other shot in the left leg .
Both their conditions had stabilized .
A 66-year - old man was shot in the hand and taken to Northwestern Hospital , where his condition was stabilized .

Their parents rushed to the hospital to be at their bedsides Tuesday afternoon .

The father of one of the victims said his son was doing a little bit better .
The bullet went into his chest and came out his lung and surgery wo n't be necessary , he said .

Tanjiniece Young , the other victim ’s mom , said her son is “
okay
” but is n't talking .
" He 's still in shock,’’ she said outside the hospital .

Her son , whose twin brother was with them but not shot , is “
traumatized,’’ she said .

The twins and the other 12-year - old were waiting outside the mini mart when the attack happened because staffers had temporarily locked their doors during a prayer session at the time , Young said .

A security officer , who works in the Marshall Field Garden Apartments across the street from where the shooting happened , said the two boys were on spring break .

They were going to the Mini Mart to get some snacks when they were shot on the sidewalk , he said .

" It 's terrible .
It 's terrible that they have to be subjected to it .
They just kids .
This is crazy , " he said .

The officer said he heard about 15 shots before he came outside to see a gray Dodge Charger speed away north on Sedgwick .

The 66-year - old victim is a head maintenance man at Marshall Field Garden , and was near the mart where several other children were hanging out when the shooting happened , according to the security officer .

Sixty - two - year - old Deborah Thomas , who lives in the garden apartments , said her nephew , nicknamed " Twin , " was one of the victims .

“
My son called me and told me to come home .
Do n't go to the mini mart,’’ Thomas said .
 “
Too many gangs .
...
These babies .
Babies.’’

Old Town shooting Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune Chicago Police officers investigate a triple shooting in the 1400 block of north Sedgwick Street in the Old Town neighborhood Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 .
( Nuccio DiNuzzo/Chicago Tribune )
Chicago Police officers investigate a triple shooting in the 1400 block of north Sedgwick Street in the Old Town neighborhood Tuesday , April 11 , 2017 .
( Nuccio DiNuzzo/Chicago Tribune )
( Nuccio DiNuzzo / Chicago Tribune )

10 other people were wounded in separate Tuesday shootings .

In the Humboldt Park neighborhood , a 21-year - old woman was shot in the left leg while she was walking about 10:55 p.m. in the 2400 block of West Augusta Boulevard , Chicago police said .
She took herself to Presence Saints Mary and Elizabeth Medical Center , and she was expected to be transferred to Stroger Hospital in serious condition .

A 34-year - old man was critically wounded about 9:35 p.m. while he was inside an apartment in the 6700 block of South Clyde Avenue in the South Shore neighborhood , police said .
A man pulled out a gun and shot the 34-year - old man multiple times in the chest .
He was taken in critical condition to Northwestern Memorial Hospital .

About 9:05 p.m. in the South Austin neighborhood , a 30-year - old woman was shot in the right hip while she was walking in the 4900 block of West Adams Street , Chicago police said .
Her condition was stabilized at Loretto Hospital .

A 54-year - old woman and a 23-year - old man were shot about 7:20 p.m. Tuesday in the 500 block of West 107th Street in the city ’s Fernwood neighborhood .
The two were inside in a car traveling west on the 107th Street when someone inside a black vehicle going east fired shots , grazing both of them in the head .
The man was also shot in the right arm .
Both got themselves to Roseland Hospital where their conditions have stabilized .

About 5:55 p.m. a 41-year - old woman driving a ride share vehicle was shot Tuesday afternoon in the South Loop .
Her passenger was unharmed , police said .
It happened in the 300 block of West Cermak Road when someone inside a dark - colored van pulled up alongside them , opened fire and hit the 41-year - old woman in the leg , police said .
She was in good condition at Northwestern Memorial Hospital .

About 3:45 p.m. , a 32-year - old man was shot in his back , hip and knee while he was in the 5100 block of West Washington Boulevard in the Austin neighborhood , police said .
He got himself to Loyola University Medical Center in Maywood after a someone inside a vehicle fired shots , striking him multiple times .
His condition was stabilized .

About 1:30 p.m. a 34-year - old man was shot in the upper thigh in the 6800 block of South Prairie Avenue in the South Manor neighborhood , police said .
He was on the street when a tan car approached and someone in the rear seat opened fire .
His condition was stabilized at Advocate Christ Medical Center .

Around noon , a 15-year - old boy was shot in the Austin neighborhood on the West Side , police said .
He was walking in the 1000 block of North Waller Avenue when he was shot in the back and left eye by someone in a silver sedan , police said .
His condition was stabilized at Mount Sinai Hospital .

Around 11 a.m. , a 26-year - old man was shot in the stomach in the 5000 block of West Adams Street in the same neighborhood , police said .
He was taken to Mount Sinai Hospital in serious condition .

No one was reported in custody in any of the attacks .

Check back for updates .