2017-03-09
2 killed , 2 wounded at Washington Park gas station : ' Old Man Bill got shot ! '
A man in a gray hoodie called out across 51st Street in a strangled voice .

“ They shot Old Man Bill , ” he yelled at a man in a wheelchair .

Old Man Bill ?
” came the reply .

“ Old Man Bill got shot ! ”

Everyone on 51st knows Old Man Bill , who was wounded in a shooting .
He is a quiet 64-year - old who does odd jobs at the GoLo gas station at 51st and Indiana Avenue on the South Side .

He was in the vestibule of the station with three other people early Friday when someone ran from a nearby car , opened the bulletproof front door and fired more than a dozen shots inside , sources said .

The door from the entryway into the main convenience store is locked at night for security .
The men in the vestibule had no way to escape .

One man was shot several times and pronounced dead inside the vestibule .
Another man , 24 , was hit in the torso and legs .
He was taken to Stroger Hospital and pronounced dead .

A 25-year - old was taken to Stroger Hospital in serious condition with wounds to the legs and a graze wound to the head .

Old Man Bill was shot in the leg .
The man in the gray hoodie , Shawn Jordan , watched him being lifted into the ambulance and taken to Stroger Hospital .

“ I seen Bill
, I just started crying , ” said Jordan , 42 , who has lived around the corner for three years .
Bill never messed with nobody .
”
 Family members of the man pronounced dead at the scene declined to speak to a reporter .
Police had not yet determined a motive for the shooting , sources said , but the man known as Bill likely was not the intended target .

Bill 's real name is David Scott .
An aunt started calling him Bill when he was little .
Scott 's wife , Angie Anderson , stood at the scene rubbing her hands together for warmth .

A gas station employee had called her right after the shooting : “
Get up here , your husband just got shot , ” she recalled .

Her husband , a Vietnam veteran , had health issues , she said .
She worried that someone had targeted him ; maybe someone in the neighborhood was preying on older people .

Nobody would do that to Bill , said Jordan .

Everybody know him on 51st , ” he said .
That ’s why when they brought him out I started crying .
Everybody knows Bill .
”

In other shootings in Chicago on Thursday , two men were wounded in separate South Side attacks in the Englewood and Gresham neighborhoods .

About 10:30 p.m. , a 58-year - old man was shot in the foot in Gresham .
He was in the lobby of his apartment building in the 8200 block of South Ada Street when he started arguing with another man , who pulled a gun and shot him in the foot .
The incident may have been domestic - related , police said .
The man went to St. Bernard Hospital and was in good condition .

About 1 p.m. , a 23-year - old man was shot in Englewood .
He drove to Advocate Christ Medical Center in Oak Lawn with a gunshot wound to the leg after an attack in the 7100 block of South Aberdeen Street , police said .
His condition was stabilized .

Police initially said the man had been shot in the 7200 block of South Racine Avenue .
That information was later corrected .