2017-03-04
Man charged in homicide was out on bond in two separate cases
A month before William Hoston was charged with killing a McKees Rocks teen , an Allegheny County prosecutor tried to have Mr. Hoston ’s bond revoked , arguing to the court that she believed he was a danger to the community .

At the time , the 19-year - old from the West End was facing armed robbery charges .
Police had arrested him in that case while he was already out on bond in a separate burglary case .

Common Pleas Judge Jeffrey A. Manning chose not to revoke Mr. Hoston ’s bond or even increase the bond amounts in his pending cases .
Mr. Hoston went free .
A month later , on Feb. 23 , he was charged with fatally shooting Jihad Cromer .

Asked Friday about his decision to not revoke bond , Judge Manning said he could not discuss the specifics of the case .
But speaking generally , he acknowledged the difficulties in setting bail for defendants .

“
Upholding the law and protecting society is often a difficult balancing act , guaranteeing individual rights that may collide with public safety , " said Judge Manning , who presides over a majority of the more than 2,000 bail hearings held in Common Pleas Court each year .

“
This case shows the problem of setting bail , ” he said .
" Even with the best risk - assessment tool , we still can not predict future behavior .
”

Since August , Mr. Hoston had numerous encounters with the law .
At least three different judges or district judges were involved in setting bail .
In one instance , Mr. Hoston did not show up for a court appearance .

Mr. Hoston now is in the Allegheny County Jail , charged with killing Jihad , 17 , on Feb. 21 .

Mr. Hoston went to a house on Robb Street in McKees Rocks to smoke marijuana and play video games that evening , police said , and Mr. Cromer was there .
Mr. Hoston told investigators he began dissembling a gun , and it accidentally went off .
The bullet struck Mr. Cromer in the head .
Mr. Hoston dropped the gun and went to his grandparents ' home , police said .

Mr. Hoston later contacted Mr. Cromer 's mother and said " that she could have everything he had but he knew it could not change the outcome of what occurred , ”
police said .
He was arrested two days later .

According to court records , Mr. Hoston was arrested Nov. 22 following a traffic stop , and officers discovered an outstanding warrant stemming from an incident in August .

Bellevue police said that about 5 a.m. Aug. 6 , Mr. Hoston climbed through a window in the laundry room of a woman ’s home , entered her bedroom , pulled the sheets away from her and began to rub her leg .
At the time , the woman thought she was dreaming , the criminal complaint said .

When she woke up , she found 13 missed calls from Mr. Hoston , who she knew through her brother and had seen out the night before .
The woman called Mr. Hoston to ask whether he had been in her house .
He admitted he was , police said , and Mr. Hoston was charged with burglary , disorderly conduct , harassment and theft of $ 75 from the woman ’s purse .

Magisterial District Judge Dan Butler set Mr. Hoston ’s bond on that case at $ 5,000 , and Mr. Hoston posted it through Liberty Bail Bonds the next day .

Court records show , however , that Mr. Hoston failed to appear for his preliminary hearing Dec. 1 on that burglary case .
And later that day , he was arrested for an armed robbery at the Hays Manor housing complex .

According to a criminal complaint , the victim was in the hallway of a building when a man known as " Block " pulled a gun and demanded money .
Mr. Hoston then walked into the hallway and asked , " Is this a robbery ? "
Mr. Hoston reached into the victim 's pocket and removed cash .

When Mr. Hoston appeared for arraignment the next morning , Dec. 2 , District Judge Anthony Ceoffe doubled the burglary bond to $ 10,000 based on his failure to appear the previous day , and set a new bond on the robbery charge at $ 20,000 .
Again , Mr. Hoston posted bond through Liberty .

On Jan. 26 , Assistant District Attorney Deb Jugan asked Judge Manning to revoke Mr. Hoston ’s bonds .
She outlined for him Mr. Hoston ’s charges and said he was accused of committing an armed robbery while on bond for the burglary .

Garrett Larkin , of pretrial services , told the court he could not recommend a non - monetary bond based on Mr. Hoston ’s criminal history .

Judge Manning agreed with defense attorney Alan Skwarla to leave the existing $ 20,000 and $ 10,000 bonds in place , and Mr. Hoston promised to abide by conditions set by the court .

“ I will do everything I can , ” he told the court .

About 10 days later , on Feb. 5 , police at Hays Manor thought they spotted a potential drug deal and watched a car they believed was involved .
Officers stopped the car and found Mr. Hoston in the back seat .
They found drugs in the front and detained the driver and front passenger .
Because Mr. Hoston was in the back of the car and officers did n't find drugs on him , they released him , Allegheny County Housing Authority police Chief Mike Vogel said .

But later that same night , police interviewed one of the passengers , who told them that Mr. Hoston gave her the pills , according to an affidavit .
Police obtained a warrant charging him with drug violations .

The next day , Feb. 6 , the same officer who did the traffic stop saw Mr. Hoston at Hays Manor again .
When they were arms - length apart , the officer told Mr. Hoston there was a warrant out for his arrest , and Mr. Hoston ran to a wooded area , police said .
Housing authority police called officers from McKees Rocks and Stowe to help search for him , but they could n't find him .

" They 've been looking for this cat for quite some time , " Chief Vogel said .
The warrants were also listed in a national database , in case officers from other departments encountered him .

" A lot of times these younger kids , they run like deer , " the chief said .

Fifteen days later , the homicide occurred .

" You wish you would have gotten him sooner , would have prevented the death of this young child , this teenager .
You just try your hardest , ”
Chief Vogel said .
“ You do the best you can do .
Every night , [ officers ] were out there .
”

Paula Reed Ward : pward@post - gazette.com , 412 - 263 - 2620 or on Twitter : @PaulaReedWard .
Liz Navratil : lnavratil@post - gazette.com , 412 - 263 - 1438 or on Twitter : @LizNavratil .