2017-03-23
45-year - old suspect in hospital after killing officer , 3 others , police say
WAUSAU , Wis. -
The suspect in a string of shootings Wednesday that killed a police officer and three other people is a 45-year - old Weston man , according to the Department of Justice .

Law enforcement officers received a report around 1:30 p.m. of an active shooter in Rothschild , officials said .
The suspect visited the Marathon Savings Bank , killing two people , and a law office in Schofield , killing another person .

Bailey Harbit , wsaw.com Marathon Savings Bank in Rothschild , Wis.
 Bailey Harbit , wsaw.com Marathon Savings Bank in Rothschild , Wis.

The man ended the shooting spree by barricading himself in an apartment in Weston , where , after a few hours of negotiation , he exchanged gunfire with an officer and was injured , according to a release .

The 45-year - old suffered a non - fatal gunshot wound and was transported to a local hospital for medical treatment , officials said .
He remains in police custody in the hospital .

Bailey Harbit , wsaw.com
 Bailey Harbit , wsaw.com

According to the release , the man was motivated by a domestic incident , not a bank robbery .
The victim of the domestic violence associated with the suspect has been identified and was not injured .

Officials said this was an isolated incident with one suspect .

The police officer killed , Jason Weiland , is a detective and 15-year veteran of the Everest Metro Police Department .

“ Detective Weiland was well - trained and his brave response likely prevented other deaths .
He is survived by his wife and two children .
Jason , a devoted Green Bay Packers fan , was 40 years old , ” officials said in the release .

The Department of Justice said Dianne M. Look , 67 , and Karen L. Barclay , 62 , died after being shot Wednesday at Marathon Savings Bank .
Sara H. Quirt Sann , 43 , an attorney at a nearby law firm , also died .

Look had two children , and will be remembered as a loyal employee of Marathon Savings Bank , where she had been the branch manager since 1998 .
Barclay had a daughter and two granddaughters , and worked at Marathon Savings Bank for more than five years .
Quirt Sann was a lifelong Wausau resident , and a loving wife , daughter , sister , stepmom , aunt , friend and community servant .

An officer with the Marathon County Sheriff ’s Office tactical team and an officer with the Everest Metropolitan Police Department were involved in the gunfire exchange with the man that resulted in his injuries , officials said .
The officers have been put on paid administrative leave , pending the outcome of an officer - involved shooting investigation by the Wisconsin Department of Justice Division of Criminal Investigation .

Businesses affected by the shootings will be closed until further notice , officials said .

A memorial fund for the Weiland family has been established through Intercity State Bank , 2900 Schofield Ave .
, Weston , WI , 54473 .
Donations for the family can be sent under the name “
Weiland Memorial Fund . ”