2017-03-21
Grand jury : Officer justified in Quanice Hayes shooting
PORTLAND , Ore. ( KOIN ) —
A Portland police officer was justified in his use of deadly force that led to the death of 17-year - old Quanice Hayes in February , a Multnomah County Grand Jury ruled on Tuesday .

Officer Andrew Hearst shot and killed Hayes following a series of events that began with a report of an armed robbery at the Portland Value Inn Hotel .

The victim told officers on the scene Hayes put a gun to his head and held him hostage in his car for nearly 30 minutes before stealing his Oregon Trail EBT card and some clothes , according to Portland Police Bureau .

A short time later , police received a report of a car prowl at Banfied Pet Hospital nearby .
The victim ’s description of the suspect matched the one provided by the victim of the initial robbery .
Police also said an item of clothing found in the second victim ’s car was linked to the first victim , PPB said .

Then someone reportedly called 911 to report someone in their yard on NE Tillamook Street .
Police said the description of the suspect was consistent with the others .

Officers searched the area and found Hayes in a side yard .
He allegedly told police he lived in the home .
But as officers checked with the homeowner , Hayes fled .
Police said they noticed Hayes was holding his waistband as he ran away .

A perimeter was set up around the neighborhood and police said they found items Hayes left behind that allegedly connected him to all of the crime scenes .

Officers later found a home with a broken window on NE Hancock Street .
Hayes was found crouching in an alcove between the garage and the home .

Police said they believed he was armed with a handgun when they ordered him to keep his hands up and crawl out of the alcove .

He started to get up , police said , but got upright on his knees and made “ repeated and deliberate motions with his hands to the area of his waistband and pockets .
”

That ’s when Officer Hearst fired 3 shots at Hayes , striking him twice in the torso and once in the head .
Hayes died at the scene , and toxicology tests showed he had cocaine , benzodiazepine and hydrocodone in his blood at the time , police said .

It was later determined Hayes had a realistic - looking replica firearm .

Loved ones said they couldn’t make sense of the allegations against Hayes .
In the wake of his death , protesters marched to demand justice and confront police .

Some who admitted Hayes may have made mistakes said he didn’t deserve to die .

Police released this statement in response to Tuesday ’s grand jury ruling :
 “
The Portland Police Bureau respects the value and sanctity of human life and recognizes the inherent dignity of every person .
The Bureau understands that investing officers with the authority to use force to protect the public welfare creates a solemn obligation to guide members as they balance the important social and individual interests involved .
The Bureau recognizes that duty may require members to use force .
The Bureau also recognizes that the use of deadly physical force will emotionally , physically , and psychologically impact the member involved , the subject of the deadly physical force , and the family and friends of both and can impact the community as well . ”