2017-02-17
10-year - old shooting victim : ' You wrong for that ' - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis , Tennessee
A 10-year - old girl , who was shot in her living room , is out of the hospital and doing well , according to the girl 's mother .

A 10-year - old girl , who was shot in her living room , is out of the hospital and doing well , according to the girl 's mother .

William Gregory is accused of shooting 10-year - old Vinnitra Dobbs through her living room window following an argument with her father .
( Source : SCSO )

The man accused of shooting a 10-year - old girl through a living room window is in custody , according to Memphis Police Department .

Officers said William Gregory was arrested Friday just after noon for the shooting of 10-year - old Vynnitra Dobbs .

" I 'm just thankful to God , " 10-year - old Dobbs said .

The shooting happened in the Goodwill Village Apartments in the 2500 block of Goodwill Lane , just before 9 p.m. Monday .

Vynnitra Dobbs was not the intended target , according to her father , Vincent Dobbs .
He said a man approached him and said he did n't belong there .
Dobbs said the man walked away after they argued ; he later heard gunfire .

" You wrong for that , " Vynnitra said .
" Because he was shooting through a window . "
 When Vincent walked inside his home , he saw his daughter bleeding on the living room floor .
She was taken to the hospital in critical condition and later underwent surgery .

Arnita Bruce , the child 's mother , said it was hard to see her child in the hospital .

" Hectic , to see my child laying up in the bed and ca n't do anything for herself , " Bruce said .

Vynnitra is now out of ICU. She is talking and walking .

Gregory has a lengthy criminal record .
He 's been arrested previously on drug charges , robbery , theft of property , and several driving offenses .

" Hopefully he will not see daylight because there were too many people in the home and you shooting like that , " Bruce said .

Demarcus Maxwell has known Gregory for years and is his neighbor .

" I 'm pretty sure it was n't intended for a baby , but as far as him , he has a good heart , " Maxwell said .

Gregory is charged with six counts of attempted first - degree murder .

Vynnitra said she appreciates all of the support from the community and is ready to get out of the hospital .
There is no word on how much longer she will be in the hospital , but she 's now going through therapy .

Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5 .
All rights reserved .