2017-01-30
Police Chief ' angry ' over weekend shootings
Buy Photo SPD Chief Alan Crump speaks after the news conference addressing the recent spike in gun violence .
( Photo : Stan Carpenter /
The Times)Buy Photo
 Shreveport Police Chief Alan Crump called for unity and assistance from the community after a busy weekend for emergency personnel in Shreveport and Bossier City .

Police investigated multiple incidents where someone was shot between early Saturday and late Sunday .
Two people are dead .

Crump , who was officially appointed in November , held a press conference Monday to discuss the shootings , how the community can help and what police plan to do to ensure to the best of their ability that a weekend like this does n't happen again .

Buy Photo Shreveport police officers listen to SPD Chief Alan Crump speak at a press conference addressing the recent spike in gun violence .
( Photo : Stan Carpenter / The Times )

" I may not be showing it , but I 'm angry , " he said .
" I live in this city . "

Crump said between getting his officers out in the community through recreational engagement like pickup games of basketball or walks around the block with community members as well as saturating patrols in areas more prone to having shootings , his officers do n't intend to sit on their hands .

" There are many things we are doing , " he said .
" We try to put ourselves in the community as much as we can . "

The newly minted police chief and longtime officer urged the community to do the same by giving police any information they have through SPD 's CrimeStoppers anonymous tip - giving program .

" We have to pull together as a city and work diligently , " he said .
" In doing so , we can be successful . "

Buy Photo Shreveport city councilman Jerry Bowman speaks at a press conference addressing the recent spike in gun violence .
Police Chief Alan Crump looks on ( Photo : Stan Carpenter / The Times )

Investigations continue into all of the incidents , including whether any of them are related .

" There is no indication at this point that these incidents are related , " Bossier Police spokesman Mark Natale said .
" We could always turn up something later that could indicate there is , but at this time there is nothing . "

Saturday morning on I-20 - two injured
 The first shooting incident happened in Bossier City , but it appears it began in Shreveport at a night club .

On Saturday around 5 a.m. , Police were called to I-20 eastbound near Traffic Street on I-20 .
According to police , the two victims say they were riding in a vehicle traveling from Shreveport on the Red River Bridge when another vehicle pulled alongside them and began firing gunshots into their car .

Bossier City resident Richard Williams , 24 , sustained gunshot wounds to his leg while his sister , Antonya Williams , 28 , was shot in the buttocks .

Their injuries are considered to be non - life - threatening .
The driver of the victims ' vehicle initially fled the scene before officers arrived , but has since been found .
The driver was not injured .
He reportedly told officers he went to get help .

No arrests have been made in the case .

Sunday at 1 a.m. - one injured
 Police say a man was shot in the back seat of a car on 1 - 20 at Jewella Ave .
It 's suspected that a shooter used a rifle .
The victim was taken to the hospital with non - life threatening injuries .
He was reportedly shot in the elbow .

Sunday at 2 a.m.- one homicide

The weekend 's two homicides happened 30 minutes apart Sunday morning .

The victim in Sunday 's first homicide has been identified as Antonio Newsom , 15 .
His body was found in a Toyota Camry just before 2 a.m. at the intersection of the 5400 block of Union Avenue and the 1900 block of Earl Street .
The Camry , which had been reported stolen on Jan. 21 had three of its doors open , indicating its occupants had fled .
Newsom had been shot several times .

Shooting on Hearne at 2:30 a.m. Sunday - one homicide , two injured
 Police found the second homicide victim in the parking lot of Country Market Grocery on Hearne Avenue .
He was shot multiple times .

Fingerprints and ID found at the scene show the victim to be Rolandreon Marquis Fischer , 25 .
Fischer was declared dead at University Health just after 2:30 a.m.

Two others were also found shot at the crime scene .
A male was shot in the inner thigh and a woman in a nearby car was reportedly shot in the hip and stomach .
Both are considered to have non - life threatening injuries .

Sunday morning shooting at 9 a.m. - one victim shot
 A Shreveport man faces charges in the wake of a shooting which sent another man to the hospital early Sunday morning .

Just before 9:00 a.m. , Shreveport Police patrol officers were called to an apartment complex located in the 6100 block of Tierra Drive relative to a shooting there .

As officers arrived at the scene , they discovered 28 year - old Jaldell Riley suffering multiple gunshot wounds to the lower body .

Riley was taken to University Health hospital with serious injuries .
Police learned that Riley had been involved in a longstanding disagreement with another male , who reportedly shot him at the apartment complex .

Information and evidence was gathered by police suggested the person responsible for the shooting was 19-year - old Dana Combs of the 6100 block of Tierra Drive .
Hours later , Combs arrived at Shreveport Police headquarters where he surrendered to authorities and booked into jail on attempted murder .

Sunday evening shooting - one injured
 A weekend shooting on 68th Street in Shreveport left a local man injured Sunday evening .

Just before 8:30 p.m. , Shreveport Police were dispatched to a shooting at a home in the 700 block of West 68th Street .
As officers arrived at the scene , they made contact with the victim , 32-year - old Treazure Lindsey , who suffered a minor gunshot wound to the arm .
Lindsey was treated at the scene .

No descriptions of a suspect or suspect vehicle was available at the time of the initial report .

Clarke Boulevard shooting - two injured

At the same time miles away , a shooting in west Shreveport left two juveniles injured and authorities seeking a suspect .

Just before 8:30 p.m , Shreveport Police patrol officers responded to a reported shooting in the 3800 block of Clarke Boulevard in west Shreveport .

Cpl .
Marcus Hines with Shreveport Police said police made contact with the two shooting victims .
They told police they were injured after a silver , four - door car drove past their home and fired shots striking them .

The victims , a male and female juvenile , suffered minor injuries , with the female juvenile being transported to University Health hospital with a gunshot wound to the arm .
The male , who was treated on scene , also suffered a gunshot wound to the arm .
Both victims were outside of the home when shots were fired .
There were no other injuries reported .

Hines said police learned that occupants present at the residence in the 3300 block of Clarke had been involved in a verbal dispute with other neighbors in the same block , moments prior to the shooting .

" Instead of trying to resolve it in a peaceful fashion , they sought to engage other people that resulted in the use of in violence through the use of guns , " Crump said .

There have been no arrests in this case so far , Hines said .

Read or Share this story : http://www.shreveporttimes.com/story/news/2017/01/30/police - chief - angry - over - weekend - shootings/97244200/